[Sarah Westall]: Honestly, I'm not deep state.
[Sarah Westall]: So some rando thinks I'm like, who the hell is this?
[Sarah Westall]: It's kind of funny.
[Dr. Couey]: No, I don't get any emails.
[Dr. Couey]: I don't ignore anybody.
[Dr. Couey]: I just don't get interviewed, but it's all right.
[Sarah Westall]: Well, I've been trying to interview you for a while, and I'm ignored by all sides.
[Sarah Westall]: Rumble's supporting me, which is amazing, because the editor there likes me.
[Sarah Westall]: And I think because of Axe and all the competition, they're trying to
[Sarah Westall]: They're kind of changing course.
[Sarah Westall]: All the same people are not being supported.
[Sarah Westall]: Things are weird over there.
[Sarah Westall]: And I think they're feeling all the competition from Axe and whatever.
[Sarah Westall]: Axe won't totally suppresses me.
[Sarah Westall]: Substack is getting weird now where their numbers.
[Sarah Westall]: So I get it from all directions.
[Sarah Westall]: And so I'm like, really?
[Sarah Westall]: Even this guy's ignoring me?
[Dr. Couey]: No, I definitely wasn't.
[Dr. Couey]: No, no, no, not at all.
[Dr. Couey]: I was very happy to hear from you.
[Dr. Couey]: I'm trying to see if I have a pen that works here.
[Sarah Westall]: Oh, and then also as far as recording, I don't really care.
[Sarah Westall]: The only thing that I always share, all my stuff is, what do you call it, open source?
[Sarah Westall]: Or not open source, that's what you say in software.
[Sarah Westall]: Yeah, free.
[Sarah Westall]: The only thing I ever ask is people just to share my links.
[Sarah Westall]: Yeah, and the one time I always let people record, so I don't care about that.
[Sarah Westall]: But if you'd rather have the edited version, that includes the stuff I can make money on.
[Sarah Westall]: But one time I had Roger Spurr on.
[Dr. Couey]: I don't know who that is.
[Sarah Westall]: If you ever get a chance, check him on.
[Sarah Westall]: Because he was highly recommended.
[Sarah Westall]: And listen, they sent me a show of his.
[Sarah Westall]: It's super interesting, but my God, they sent me a show of his that was normal.
[Sarah Westall]: You know, it was like a lot of the rocks are actually
[Sarah Westall]: biological remains, and he has this fossil site or something, I don't remember what, Mud Fossil University.
[Sarah Westall]: Super interesting, but then I realized that, he could be right, I don't know, but this really has to get you in a different mindset.
[Sarah Westall]: He believes that the evidence shows that we had huge dinosaur reptilian type, you know, we had, what do you call the big,
[Sarah Westall]: in the mythology, the big dragons.
[Sarah Westall]: There's dragons, but these dragons were this continent size.
[Sarah Westall]: So like Rhode Island is the size of a nostril or whatever.
[Sarah Westall]: And so these dragons fly amongst the solar system.
[Sarah Westall]: And I'm like, oh my God, he's getting into that stuff.
[Sarah Westall]: So he ended up posting that interview and I posted part of it.
[Sarah Westall]: I cut out parts of it.
[Sarah Westall]: And then I posted the whole thing behind my son's tag for my page.
[Sarah Westall]: Cause I'm like, I look like a complete idiot here.
[Sarah Westall]: But it's just it's only because it's outside my paradigm.
[Sarah Westall]: You know, I'm like, OK, this is outside my paradigm.
[Sarah Westall]: I'm going to admit to it.
[Dr. Couey]: But that's kind of like the pole shift story, though.
[Dr. Couey]: You know, if the pole shift really happens, then everybody's compasses will tell us.
[Dr. Couey]: You know, the tidal waves will happen, the continents will shift, whatever they say is going to happen.
[Dr. Couey]: And the consequences of it probably will be virtually unavoidable.
[Dr. Couey]: Even if you had a vacation home in the right place, you probably won't be there.
[Dr. Couey]: You probably won't be able to get there.
[Sarah Westall]: Do you believe that the poles are going to shift?
[Dr. Couey]: I don't know.
[Dr. Couey]: And if it's going to happen on a geologic time scale, then the odds of it happening in our lifetime are nil.
[Dr. Couey]: It could happen in our kids' lifetime, and that would still be equally improbable as it happening in our kids' kids' lifetime, you know?
[Dr. Couey]: That's right.
[Sarah Westall]: Yeah.
[Dr. Couey]: And then it would still be happening.
[Dr. Couey]: And it's still great to talk about it, but I'm not buying any houses or putting anything in particular places because I think I can mitigate that disaster for my family.
[Dr. Couey]: And I think that if there are giant intergalactic dragons, there's not a lot I can do about it.
[Dr. Couey]: And how does it how does that really change how I'm going to pay for my Costco food?
[Dr. Couey]: You know, I don't know.
[Sarah Westall]: I completely agree, but it's pretty weird.
[Sarah Westall]: It's like, holy shit, this is out of my
[Sarah Westall]: Overton window.
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah, it's really like one of these things where you only have 39,000 or 40,000 thoughts a day that you can have, period.
[Dr. Couey]: And so once you start wasting a significant portion of those, it becomes really hard to get back.
[Dr. Couey]: I think that's really what the internet is most dangerous for our children, is that instead of spending... It used to be hard for our parents to get us to spend time building skills, but now it's almost impossible.
[Sarah Westall]: Then let's talk about this, because that is part of the dumbing down.
[Dr. Couey]: I mean, it definitely is.
[Dr. Couey]: It's all the same deal.
[Sarah Westall]: It's just incredible.
[Dr. Couey]: I just don't really understand, I mean, I guess I do understand if you really, I just don't want to be that pessimistic to understand it in the way that I'm very tempted to understand it, which is that they're doing it on purpose, and that they, you know, like all these people have speculated, they want to create multiple classes, or, you know, and the classes to be separated even by intelligence, you know, just the ability to see it or not see it.
[Dr. Couey]: And in a way, I think it's already there.
[Dr. Couey]: I think they already have clubs that use language that they can go on TV and talk to each other.
[Dr. Couey]: And we don't really know for sure what they're saying, or at least, unless you work really hard, you don't know what they're saying.
[Dr. Couey]: And I think that this, even this level of deception can't be underestimated with these people.
[Sarah Westall]: Yeah, I know.
[Sarah Westall]: So what do you want to talk about?
[Sarah Westall]: I like the idea of your... How bad do you want it to be?
[Dr. Couey]: I mean, you know the situation, right?
[Dr. Couey]: I mean, my ex-boss is... and guy that I... so I probably should get that out so I can flip that up whenever I need to.
[Dr. Couey]: But I mean, the situation is pretty odd, right?
[Dr. Couey]: Because the guy that I helped write this book, it's written in this book, that I'm one of the experts in this book.
[Dr. Couey]: He's nominated for Health and Human Services Secretary.
[Dr. Couey]: But the nonprofit that employed me for a year and a half, Children's Health Defense, fired me at the end of 2023 and the beginning of 2024 for talking about Robert Malone.
[Dr. Couey]: And specifically what I said is known and the minutes in my podcast are known.
[Dr. Couey]: So this guy's up for Health and Human Services Secretary and a friend of mine from the Broken Science Initiative is up for NIH director.
[Dr. Couey]: That's Jay Bhattacharya.
[Dr. Couey]: I met him like five times in the last
[Dr. Couey]: three years.
[Dr. Couey]: He's hugged my wife a couple times.
[Dr. Couey]: And there's a guy who was the research and development director of the Human Genome Project is going on podcasts and saying that somebody who came to my house in 2022 helped Robert F. Kennedy write this book.
[Dr. Couey]: And that's a lie because that guy actually got fired during the writing of this book.
[Dr. Couey]: And there's like 10 people that are listed in this book in the acknowledgements that know that exact story is a lie.
[Dr. Couey]: And yet the research and development director of the Human Genome Project is going on podcasts with millions of subscribers and saying that a guy by the name of Charles Rixey, a former Marine, and at the start of the pandemic, a shoe salesman,
[Dr. Couey]: is responsible for releasing the diffuse proposal, which is discussed in this book, and responsible for helping Robert F. Kennedy Jr., the nominated Secretary for Health and Human Services, write this book.
[Dr. Couey]: And that is a verifiably incorrect statement.
[Dr. Couey]: Incorrect.
[Dr. Couey]: It's a lie.
[Dr. Couey]: And more importantly, that guy knows that it's me.
[Dr. Couey]: That guy knows that he's lying about me because he's been on my podcast two years ago, because we've been on multiple discussions before.
[Dr. Couey]: We've been on Steve Kirsch's steering committee together.
[Dr. Couey]: We have a long history of having discussed the biology of the pandemic.
[Dr. Couey]: And that guy is now telling lies and inserting a character into the story
[Dr. Couey]: who the entire staff of CHD and that helped write this book knows was fired during the writing of this book.
[Dr. Couey]: And yet the guy that used to work for the Human Genome Project is going on big podcasts saying that that guy actually helped him write.
[Dr. Couey]: He's not in the index.
[Dr. Couey]: He's not in the acknowledgements.
[Dr. Couey]: He's not even acknowledged as being the guy who leaked the diffuse proposal.
[Dr. Couey]: It's really extraordinary that a guy of that stature with that resume and now being elevated as the authority on the contamination or the adulteration of the mRNA shots.
[Dr. Couey]: That's all Kevin McKernan.
[Dr. Couey]: Human Genome Project Research and Development Director, now being promoted as the guy who's computed the exact adulteration that's found in the shots and proved it's in people that have gotten transfected, is going around telling incorrect stories about the book that I helped the nominated Secretary for Health and Human Services write.
[Dr. Couey]: And that's like now, like this week, and last week, and the week before.
[Sarah Westall]: His hearing is going to be on the 29th.
[Sarah Westall]: Kevin McKernan, I've known him for years before I got involved.
[Dr. Couey]: He thinks that I'm chemtrail retarded.
[Dr. Couey]: He wrote a whole substack calling me chemtrail retarded about a year ago.
[Sarah Westall]: What does that mean?
[Dr. Couey]: Well, it doesn't mean that he finds me intelligent.
[Sarah Westall]: No, I know that, but why... He does find you intelligent.
[Sarah Westall]: He's fighting with you over that.
[Sarah Westall]: Why is the chemtrail... Oh, you're awesome.
[Dr. Couey]: Hold on, my son just brought me coffee.
[Sarah Westall]: No, go ahead Why does he how do you guys disagree with each other on the chemtrails?
[Dr. Couey]: Well, it's obviously not about chemtrails, but it's it's about the the very specific virology story that was told during the pandemic and I after five years of chasing this down have been able to I think I
[Dr. Couey]: You know, I don't want to sound egoistic, but I've been able to kind of figure out, based on the fact that so many people have lied to me, how this was done.
[Dr. Couey]: And the way that I have described it being done is that they fooled everyone on Earth, on the left and on the right, no matter what flag you were flying or what language you spoke, they fooled all of us with a very concerted illusion of consensus.
[Sarah Westall]: I want you to repeat this.
[Dr. Couey]: That's fine.
[Dr. Couey]: They fooled us into solving a mystery.
[Dr. Couey]: A mystery of a lab leak that might be covered up, that people might be lying about, that maybe the U.S.
[Dr. Couey]: funded, or maybe the Chinese are covering up because they hid their database.
[Dr. Couey]: And then they fueled this debate for years on the Internet using coordinated liars.
[Dr. Couey]: until both the right and the left have now come to accept that a lab leak is possible, that a lab leak might or might not explain this one, but it certainly could explain the next one.
[Dr. Couey]: And in doing that, no one in front of us now is capable of intellectually challenging the fundamentals of the pandemic because they've come to accept them.
[Dr. Couey]: They've come to accept that there was a novel virus, that millions of people were vulnerable to it because it was novel.
[Dr. Couey]: It's circulating the globe now.
[Dr. Couey]: They can track it with PCR, and the next one might be worse.
[Dr. Couey]: And this is all exactly what the whole mystery solving exercise was supposed to do.
[Dr. Couey]: That's why Rand Paul and Tony Fauci yelled at each other on camera.
[Dr. Couey]: That's the reason why Peter Daszak was on 60 Minutes.
[Dr. Couey]: eight years before the pandemic and then four years before the pandemic and then a year into the pandemic.
[Dr. Couey]: That's the reason why all of these people were able to track down EcoHealth Alliance and blame it on them.
[Dr. Couey]: That's the reason why people were talking about the database.
[Dr. Couey]: And I was using human intelligence, people coming at me on Twitter and on Signal and SMSing and emailing me.
[Dr. Couey]: I, very early on in the pandemic, was
[Dr. Couey]: enticed into speculating about a lab leak and fooled into believing that that speculation was being confirmed by the narrative and by the theater that was being enacted on TV and social media by the people that were
[Dr. Couey]: anonymously interacting with me and telling me, way to go, oh my gosh, you're on it, you're really smart.
[Dr. Couey]: And the idea was to get me to the point where I would be the expert that could be in a book like this and then tote it around the United States and the world saying that it was definitely a lab leak and we should blame America.
[Sarah Westall]: Okay, well you go there, and is this what you're, see I missed your Red Pill Expo.
[Dr. Couey]: Oh yeah, so then the gist of it is, is that in the writing of this book, and specifically because Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
[Dr. Couey]: asked me a specific question that I was already working on, I prepared a, I worked for another three weeks to make sure that I knew what I was talking about, and then I finally told him what I thought, which was that they had fooled us with this, and that actually there's no biology
[Dr. Couey]: to support the idea that an RNA molecule can be the cause of a pandemic.
[Dr. Couey]: And that's really where the whole show breaks down because I had had a hard time figuring out what
[Dr. Couey]: Was going on because of the we've all I should say it this way We've all had a hard time figuring out what was going on because of the nature of the theater The idea was is that on the TV?
[Dr. Couey]: There's one team and then on social media There's a bunch of people trying to figure out what who on that team is lying But in reality the people on social media were also enacting a theater some of them were supporting the people on TV some of them were
[Dr. Couey]: were skeptical of the people on TV, and some of those people that were skeptical even got on Tucker, or even got on Laura Ingraham.
[Dr. Couey]: But, the gist of it is, is to understand that now that the internet exists, and you're allowed to lie on the internet, you're allowed to go on anonymously on the internet, they can use that against us to the most malevolent degree, to the point to where we might even beg them to get rid of anonymity on the internet.
[Sarah Westall]: because if they use... Let's talk about some of this stuff.
[Sarah Westall]: I mean, I can go on for hours, but this is really what happened because this didn't occur.
[Sarah Westall]: Let's talk about kind of what your Red Pill Expo was, because everybody loved it.
[Sarah Westall]: My husband was like, holy shit, this is the best.
[Dr. Couey]: But it's not the best.
[Dr. Couey]: It's just that the idea is truth, right?
[Sarah Westall]: Yeah, it's truth.
[Sarah Westall]: And you were telling people things that they were thinking it was it was common sense.
[Sarah Westall]: And then I what I'd like to do is talk about help people understand how to critically think about this stuff, because that's that's really how we're going to get out of this mess is to not be subjected to it.
[Sarah Westall]: Yeah, it's it's There's so few people who are actually able to think that I don't even know but anyways, let's get started Okay.
[Sarah Westall]: Yeah, I'd rather not talk about Kevin McCurran and get into some kind of like I don't want to get that's fine Like two people fighting that's fine to talk more big, you know to help people because I don't I
[Sarah Westall]: I don't know what is going on there.
[Sarah Westall]: You know, no, I get it.
[Sarah Westall]: I just think he's I don't think he's based on everything I know about him before he was.
[Sarah Westall]: I just don't think he's part of that.
[Sarah Westall]: But maybe he is.
[Sarah Westall]: I think he might be unknowingly part of it.
[Sarah Westall]: And he's just fighting and just
[Dr. Couey]: I don't, you know, again, I promise we won't talk about it now, but his dad was involved in microarray technology and his explanation for, you know, his life path from dropping out of college and starting with the Human Genome Project, etc.
[Dr. Couey]: I mean, at that time, the Human Genome Project was kind of top secret.
[Dr. Couey]: It's under the Department of Energy, which is also Nukes.
[Dr. Couey]: And so I think it's very, very unlikely that somebody who says he was doing genomic sequencing of pot would feel the drive to be available all through 2020 on podcasts that included a podcast hosted by a guy who had quit a job at the World Bank.
[Dr. Couey]: the Vance Crowe podcast.
[Dr. Couey]: He was on that podcast three times in 2020, and he had the same list of things to talk about every time.
[Dr. Couey]: The PCR works, but just not the one that the WHO is using.
[Dr. Couey]: And because I'm using PCR to screen weed for COVID-19,
[Dr. Couey]: And then he was also talking about the strains and the sequencing of the virus, and he just basically making sure that everybody didn't have any skepticism to the detection of, the sequencing of, or the following of the phylogeny of the virus, which in my humble opinion is the foundation of the mythology that they've
[Dr. Couey]: you know, coerced us into teaching our kids.
[Dr. Couey]: If we don't teach our kids that, then the whole idea that they have to take a shot for something will be irrelevant because our kids won't believe the mythology of something circulating around based on RNA.
[Sarah Westall]: We don't need to take vaccines.
[Sarah Westall]: I think vaccines should be outlawed.
[Dr. Couey]: No, and I think it's interesting.
[Dr. Couey]: I spend a significant portion of my time trying to make the sharpest language about these biological ideas as possible.
[Dr. Couey]: And so I would challenge you the next time and every time from now on that you're talking to doctors, ask them the question of how they can justify intramuscular injection of medicine in healthy people.
[Dr. Couey]: So just ask them to think about what they think they're accomplishing by intramuscular injection as opposed to slowly injecting that through an IV or adding it to a saline IV or injecting it into the fat of somebody's gluteus.
[Dr. Couey]: What do they specifically think they're accomplishing by putting it in the muscle?
[Dr. Couey]: Because I'm confident because I've done it and it never is always the same result.
[Dr. Couey]: Doctors have never thought about it.
[Dr. Couey]: And then you can ask them, okay, so how's the immune system arranged?
[Dr. Couey]: And why do you think that putting a combination of toxins and proteins in the muscle is the way to augment that system?
[Dr. Couey]: Tell me about your understanding of the immune system relative to augmenting it from the muscle.
[Sarah Westall]: Those kind of questions would be good.
[Sarah Westall]: That's good because that gets them thinking.
[Dr. Couey]: But they usually don't have any answers.
[Dr. Couey]: I mean, you gotta let them prepare for it, I guess, or something.
[Dr. Couey]: But again, these are awakening questions.
[Dr. Couey]: These are the questions that ultimately got me out.
[Dr. Couey]: I mean, because that's what this... This is the only thing I have, is that I got myself out.
[Dr. Couey]: When the pandemic started,
[Dr. Couey]: I believed that because we found DNA, that means evolution is real.
[Dr. Couey]: Because we found DNA, that means I can explain most of my experience as a conscious being with the result of genes and the proteins in my head.
[Dr. Couey]: And I believed that vaccines worked.
[Dr. Couey]: It never dawned on me that maybe they were dumb or that, you know, where I am now, where I say intramuscular injection itself is dumb, and I want somebody to challenge that.
[Dr. Couey]: as far away from that as possible as one could be when the pandemic started.
[Dr. Couey]: And so this has been a very humbling experience because there are people who knew that vaccination in general was bad 100 years ago.
[Dr. Couey]: There are people who wrote books about it in the 80s who were forgotten in the 90s.
[Dr. Couey]: People who wrote books about it in the 90s and forgotten again in the 2000s.
[Dr. Couey]: And now you have CHD putting out books that are kind of repetitive and not citing any of the older books and not
[Dr. Couey]: pointing out all the older books, which is usually what you do when you're writing nonfiction.
[Dr. Couey]: So it is extraordinary where we are right now.
[Dr. Couey]: If you see it from the perspective of how I see it, which is that I got all the way to actually being able to join the team and then become fully and completely involved in the moving of the inner workings of the team and being utterly disappointed.
[Dr. Couey]: at what they want to compliment.
[Sarah Westall]: So let's talk.
[Sarah Westall]: I want you to essentially, you know, talk about your story, stay at a time, you know, kind of this kind of level so that people can critically think about stuff and give some people ideas.
[Sarah Westall]: Sure.
[Sarah Westall]: Let's get started.
[Dr. Couey]: Okay.
[Sarah Westall]: Do you want, do you, do people call you JJ or do they call you Jonathan?
[Dr. Couey]: You can call me Jay.
[Dr. Couey]: Jay?
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah, Jay is fine.
[Dr. Couey]: I was JJ when I was a kid.
[Dr. Couey]: And then at some point I said, call me Jay.
[Sarah Westall]: And I think... Is Jay your first name?
[Dr. Couey]: It's my middle name.
[Dr. Couey]: It's Jonathan Jay.
[Dr. Couey]: And so when I was a kid, I got called JJ a lot.
[Dr. Couey]: And that was fine until I turned a teenager.
[Dr. Couey]: And then I said, call me Jay.
[Dr. Couey]: And I think I told this story to somebody very early in the pandemic.
[Dr. Couey]: And then...
[Dr. Couey]: without wanting to sound, you know, again, like I'm nuts.
[Dr. Couey]: I have the feeling that one of the ways that I can sort of, you know, one of the red flags is when somebody starts off with very confidently saying, JJ, oh my gosh, it's so happy to meet you.
[Dr. Couey]: I'm almost sure that they're part of the opposition team.
[Dr. Couey]: Anyway, where would you like me to start?
[Dr. Couey]: Do you want me to just give me the,
[Sarah Westall]: Give you the excited one?
[Dr. Couey]: Okay.
[Sarah Westall]: Yeah, I'll get you started.
[Sarah Westall]: I'll introduce you.
[Sarah Westall]: I'll go, hey, Jay, welcome to the program, whatever, and I'll say a bunch of bullshit and then you get started.
[Dr. Couey]: Okay.
[Sarah Westall]: And then I'll ask questions along the way.
[Dr. Couey]: Very good.
[Computer Voice]: Recording in progress.
[Sarah Westall]: Hi, Jay.
[Sarah Westall]: Welcome to the program.
[Dr. Couey]: Hello, hello, hello.
[Dr. Couey]: Good to see you, Sarah.
[Dr. Couey]: Wow, it's crazy.
[Dr. Couey]: How long has it been?
[Dr. Couey]: We've done another Red Pill since then, right?
[Dr. Couey]: A virtual one.
[Dr. Couey]: It's been a while.
[Sarah Westall]: Yeah, well, I met you at the Red Pill and my husband watched your presentation and I couldn't because I was doing some other things because I was presenting there too.
[Sarah Westall]: And he's like, Sarah,
[Sarah Westall]: you have to get this guy on your podcast.
[Sarah Westall]: And then we ended up spending a night together at the bar talking and whatever.
[Sarah Westall]: And I'm like, this guy is amazing.
[Sarah Westall]: And so I am really excited that I have you here.
[Sarah Westall]: And I gotta tell people that when you spoke at the Red Pill Expo, the crowd was, was that the first time you spoke there?
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah, yeah, it was the first time I spoke in public actually for,
[Dr. Couey]: since I lost my professorship, yeah.
[Sarah Westall]: Because people were, the crowd erupted.
[Sarah Westall]: I mean, people loved you.
[Sarah Westall]: And it was like the most explosive presentation.
[Sarah Westall]: And I think my listeners will appreciate because it comes from your heart.
[Sarah Westall]: This is your truth.
[Sarah Westall]: And you can tell when somebody is telling the truth.
[Sarah Westall]: People might disagree with you all day long,
[Sarah Westall]: However, you're telling your truth, and it's very authentic.
[Sarah Westall]: And I think that's what people responded to, along with the fact that it's so impactful to what we've been through over the last four years.
[Sarah Westall]: So I was hoping that you could share what it is that you, you know, your story, so people can understand that this is something.
[Sarah Westall]: And then I want to get into other things just to keep
[Sarah Westall]: Because I think you really help people critically understand and think about things.
[Sarah Westall]: And that's what we almost need to take like five steps back and reanalyze what the heck's going on on so many levels in so many areas.
[Sarah Westall]: So can you start off by kind of like an overview of what your background is, and then we'll get into kind of your overall story.
[Dr. Couey]: Sure.
[Dr. Couey]: It would be my pleasure.
[Dr. Couey]: Thank you very much for giving me the chance to do it.
[Dr. Couey]: And again, I think it does help always to start with a grain of salt in the sense of saying that
[Dr. Couey]: At the start of the pandemic, I knew nothing.
[Dr. Couey]: And at the start of the pandemic, I was chasing tenure at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine as a research assistant professor, which is a non-tenure track professor who works under somebody else who, if they got their own funding or could find an interesting idea, or somebody would eventually give them a chance,
[Dr. Couey]: they might go to another university or stay where they are and start as an assistant professor on the tenure track.
[Dr. Couey]: So it's kind of...
[Dr. Couey]: It's like the G League in NBA.
[Dr. Couey]: Some people might tell you, why are you going to waste your time?
[Dr. Couey]: You're not going to get paid.
[Dr. Couey]: You're going to have to put in all the time that everybody else does, but you get paid like a postdoc.
[Dr. Couey]: But with more responsibilities now, because you only have one year contracts at a time, and you can't apply for any of these postdoc
[Dr. Couey]: Grants you got to apply for grants that all these other associate professors are applying for anyway long story short It's already
[Dr. Couey]: On its face, on its paper, on its face, anybody that's in academic biology would see that as a loser position, would see that as a almost done position, or not making it.
[Dr. Couey]: It's like, again, the G Leagues.
[Dr. Couey]: You can make a living there.
[Dr. Couey]: And it's fine, but you're not in the NBA.
[Dr. Couey]: You're a whole level below the guys that are on the tenure track.
[Dr. Couey]: And so that's where I was in Pittsburgh with a wife who still believed in me and a boss who used me to my fullest.
[Dr. Couey]: And I mean that in the nicest way.
[Dr. Couey]: He gave me a lot of opportunity to teach students, to organize his lab.
[Dr. Couey]: I got his lab running like a clock.
[Dr. Couey]: I got a couple PhD students and their projects running like a clock because the methodology that he used was the methodology that I was an expert in coming back from the Netherlands.
[Dr. Couey]: And so it was working great.
[Dr. Couey]: He had gotten an R01, which is the first level of NIH grant that you would get as an assistant professor.
[Dr. Couey]: And we were doing great.
[Dr. Couey]: And at the start of the pandemic, I had already started.
[Dr. Couey]: So let me say it like this.
[Dr. Couey]: We moved to
[Dr. Couey]: Pittsburgh in 2016 and I was riding my bike.
[Dr. Couey]: It was an electric bike, but it's hilly here So even with an electric bike, it's not trivial to ride on these streets with no bike lane with people that don't like bikes It's a pretty aggressive thing to do Or not aggressive but dangerous.
[Dr. Couey]: It's not for everybody, but I rode my bike all year round I had spiked tires in the wintertime and
[Dr. Couey]: And I found myself filming my bike rides for safety, for traffic.
[Dr. Couey]: And I would just delete it and record over it because there were a couple times where I had near misses and I suddenly decided, you know what, I don't even, I can't even remember people's license plates.
[Dr. Couey]: I gotta buy a camera.
[Dr. Couey]: And so I had this camera for a long time and sometimes I would look at it and see, you know, what happened that day to try and check what happened, how close was he, what did it look like on the camera.
[Dr. Couey]: And I suddenly at one point of these reviewings realized that I could hear myself talking.
[Dr. Couey]: And so I had this idea that why I should make this into a a YouTube channel and in my mind this was the way that I was going to separate myself from other postdocs and research faculty was that I was going to have a YouTube channel and it was going to be a good one and that would mean that maybe I could get a
[Dr. Couey]: Teaching position or I would I would I would be boosting my CV in a way that was forward-looking In a way that would fit into a university that wanted to have that kind of a presence and I thought oh my gosh I can do journal club on my bike and I so I called it JC on a bike like my initials and
[Dr. Couey]: And I started doing journal club on my bike about neuroscience.
[Dr. Couey]: And I would put a little tiny piece of paper with a few notes about what the figures were on the bar of my bike, so in case I lost my train of thought, I could look down and find something.
[Dr. Couey]: And I started doing these journal clubs and I was loving it.
[Dr. Couey]: I mean, loving it.
[Dr. Couey]: It was so cool.
[Dr. Couey]: I was having so much fun.
[Dr. Couey]: I was teaching myself to edit videos.
[Dr. Couey]: You know, I had a YouTube channel.
[Dr. Couey]: I was getting people to say, wow, thanks for covering my paper.
[Dr. Couey]: I mean, I was networking with people all around the world and people were sending me, you know, if you would do my paper, I would be so honored.
[Dr. Couey]: It was spinning.
[Dr. Couey]: Like I thought it was so cool.
[Dr. Couey]: And then the pandemic started and I I did a bike ride about coronavirus and then I did another bike ride about coronavirus and I did the third one And it was just me reading papers and speculating about this and that and wow This is cool and confirming what this and somebody was on Joe Rogan and I don't think he was telling the truth and then I got an email from the media office of the hospital
[Dr. Couey]: that is attached to the University of Pittsburgh.
[Dr. Couey]: And one of the some more diabolical things about the American university system is that hospitals have become attached to the universities in such a way that essentially they are kind of the default health care provider for university students, which is kind of a sneaky way for them to get their hands on the
[Dr. Couey]: health records of university students and that just happens to have been in place just right before the pandemic.
[Dr. Couey]: So that during the pandemic when they were sent back to universities and those universities were sort of tasked with testing those students, those hospitals were ready to go, they had remnant streams, they could sell all those tests later and we can get into that.
[Dr. Couey]: So the point is, is that at the start of the pandemic I got warned by the UPMC media department that
[Dr. Couey]: They had seen my YouTube channel, that virology wasn't my expertise, and that if I was asked by any newspapers to make any statements, I was told not to do it.
[Dr. Couey]: And that I found quite interesting.
[Dr. Couey]: This went on for a while.
[Dr. Couey]: My boss was wearing three masks and I was still doing bike rides.
[Dr. Couey]: And at some point I got in a pretty heated argument with a faculty member because he was reciting and citing over and over again different parts of a New York Times article.
[Dr. Couey]: And I had already offered him many times to watch my YouTube channel.
[Dr. Couey]: He was actually a biker, which was really crazy.
[Dr. Couey]: And he had never watched my channel because he's too busy, you know, whatever.
[Dr. Couey]: And so I said, you know, you're not reading any papers.
[Dr. Couey]: You're a faculty member.
[Dr. Couey]: You're a tenure track faculty member at a
[Dr. Couey]: top 10 medical school in America and you're here arguing with me about coronavirus and RNA biology by citing the New York Times.
[Dr. Couey]: Do you know how much of a chump you sound like right now?
[Dr. Couey]: And then somebody else stepped in and was like, you can't talk to him like that.
[Dr. Couey]: It was though, but I was very upset by this time.
[Dr. Couey]: I had already had many of these confrontations with other people, but this one was in front of the wrong people.
[Dr. Couey]: And so I was walked to the elevator and told to go home and chill out.
[Dr. Couey]: And when I got home, there was an email saying, you should send in your badge and keys and we don't want you to come in anymore.
[Dr. Couey]: So the unfortunate thing for the university... That guy had a lot of power there, right?
[Dr. Couey]: Nah, they just, they were all, they had all experienced it.
[Dr. Couey]: This was after months of in and out, you know, me being able to, to confront them enough about masks, about getting my temperature taken.
[Dr. Couey]: I had,
[Dr. Couey]: The hospital was making you go through the front door to get your temperature taken, and then they put a sticker on your ID.
[Dr. Couey]: And people were starting to brag about how thick the stickers were getting on their ID.
[Dr. Couey]: And because I was riding my bike, I was coming in through the cargo entrance.
[Dr. Couey]: And at some point, one of these people that were really into it said, how come your ID doesn't have any stickers on it?
[Dr. Couey]: And I said, because I go through the cargo entrance.
[Dr. Couey]: And they were like,
[Dr. Couey]: I mean, you don't get screened?
[Dr. Couey]: I'm like, no, I'm sorry, but I don't.
[Dr. Couey]: And so that I think, that was also, I got pulled into an office and said, you know, you got to get at least a couple stickers there so that people can't see that.
[Dr. Couey]: And, you know.
[Sarah Westall]: Can I ask you a question?
[Sarah Westall]: This has been a pet peeve of mine for years.
[Sarah Westall]: Is it supposedly the people at the top universities
[Sarah Westall]: credibility here.
[Dr. Couey]: I'll give you an anecdotal example of something that would just shock you.
[Dr. Couey]: And it's nice that you made me ask me to tell this story because I'll just random details will come out.
[Dr. Couey]: But in it was, I think in February, maybe it was even in January.
[Dr. Couey]: No, it was February for sure.
[Dr. Couey]: because it was after my first two bike rides.
[Dr. Couey]: So let me preface this very quickly by saying that every university has like a dean's seminar or a provost seminar or something like that.
[Dr. Couey]: And every month, maybe they have a special seminar in a bigger room, and they have drinks afterward, and it's on a Friday.
[Dr. Couey]: And so the medical school has had something like this.
[Dr. Couey]: And I can't remember what it's called, but I think it was called the President's Seminar.
[Dr. Couey]: And so for that year, the school year, right?
[Dr. Couey]: Oh yeah.
[Dr. Couey]: So that's how it went.
[Dr. Couey]: Um, this was actually later.
[Dr. Couey]: This was actually after the spring already.
[Dr. Couey]: I think it was in, in like March already that they put this up, but it was for the following school year.
[Dr. Couey]: That's the most crazy part about it.
[Dr. Couey]: So it was for the spring.
[Dr. Couey]: it was for the spring seminars.
[Dr. Couey]: So it was 12 from spring to spring.
[Dr. Couey]: And what it is, is that they have this beautiful poster that they put in these designated places at the middle of the elevator that's advertising the year, the year of president's seminars.
[Dr. Couey]: And when they put this poster up in March of 2020 for the following, like, you know, would start in,
[Dr. Couey]: Maybe it was even back already, they had it, so they replaced it.
[Dr. Couey]: I would have to think about it again for sure, but I know that I'm, the only thing that I would be wrong, details about this, I'm sorry I'm making this longer than it should be.
[Dr. Couey]: The only thing that would be wrong about this is when the poster went up versus when the first talk was going to happen.
[Dr. Couey]: The best case scenario is actually that I'm telling it wrong and that they were even pre-empting it.
[Dr. Couey]: But I think it was one talk was happening that month.
[Dr. Couey]: So they were putting it up for March and it was up until the next March or February.
[Dr. Couey]: So it would have been 2020 to February 2021.
[Dr. Couey]: It is a picture of 12 professors from 12 different medical schools that have been invited and accepted to talk in the next year, and every single one of them had a black mask on their face in the photograph.
[Dr. Couey]: The same mask, which means they sent the mask, they took the photographs, then they make the poster and printed the poster, knowing that they were planning to represent the need for masks for the following year.
[Dr. Couey]: There's no other way to, and why do you need to have the masks on?
[Dr. Couey]: I'm not going to be able to recognize the person talking if you take pictures.
[Sarah Westall]: At that point, that was before masks were a big deal.
[Dr. Couey]: Exactly.
[Dr. Couey]: It was way too early for them to know that they were going to commit that long to it on the campus, but clearly they weren't.
[Sarah Westall]: Jay, that gets back to the point where I did a mini documentary on the World Economic Forum, resetting the entire world based on COVID.
[Sarah Westall]: And they had it up there about the same time, March 2020.
[Sarah Westall]: And it was like hundreds of levels deep, very detailed.
[Sarah Westall]: It's like, how could they pot, and it was COVID, like a big target in the middle, resetting the world based on COVID.
[Sarah Westall]: And I'm like, there's no way they could put a website together this quickly, that quickly, two months after COVID hits the scene.
[Dr. Couey]: I mean, I don't want to change the subject too much, but you know, even the announcement yesterday or the day before of this half a billion dollars investment into AI, one of the things they just casually said was, we've already started building the buildings.
[Dr. Couey]: I'm like, wait, what?
[Dr. Couey]: You already started building the buildings and we just elected Donald Trump.
[Dr. Couey]: And is Donald Trump really the guy who's doing this?
[Dr. Couey]: What are you even talking about?
[Dr. Couey]: If you started building the buildings already, that means you designed the buildings already.
[Dr. Couey]: You don't just design the buildings like,
[Dr. Couey]: Oh yeah, are we gonna build a building?
[Dr. Couey]: Which one should we use?
[Dr. Couey]: That one over there?
[Dr. Couey]: Okay, let's use plan A. Okay, Kirill, build it.
[Dr. Couey]: That's not how that works, especially not if you're designing a state-of-the-art AI data center.
[Dr. Couey]: So holy shit, what are we talking about here?
[Dr. Couey]: And so with regard to going back to this poster thing, this was one of those things where occasionally I would just point it out to somebody and be like, does that poster not scare you?
[Dr. Couey]: Doesn't that, are you so dumb as to look at that poster and not think, why in the hell did they send masks to those people and ask them to take pictures?
[Dr. Couey]: How long ago was that?
[Dr. Couey]: And people are like, well, you don't have to get all paranoid about it.
[Dr. Couey]: I'm like, it's March.
[Dr. Couey]: When did they take those photographs?
[Dr. Couey]: How long would it take you to get a photograph taken?
[Dr. Couey]: Like, did they send photographers there?
[Dr. Couey]: What's going on?
[Dr. Couey]: And they're like, oh, I don't like to think about all that stuff.
[Dr. Couey]: It's too big.
[Dr. Couey]: You know, and that was at the very start.
[Dr. Couey]: This is not, now we're five years in, it's much different.
[Dr. Couey]: But at that time, it was unfortunately very much easier for me, for whatever reason, for me to shift gears and to understand what was going on because
[Dr. Couey]: years earlier, I had kind of gone through the same thing with 9-11.
[Dr. Couey]: I was immediately aware that what we were talking about and arguing about and what mysteries we were solving were not the right ones.
[Dr. Couey]: And I'm still convinced that we didn't solve the right ones.
[Dr. Couey]: And with regard to how it is done, it's just how naive I was.
[Dr. Couey]: I think I became very, very much aware of
[Dr. Couey]: of something that I wasn't aware of during my whole adult life, which is that we are subject to much more deception than I thought.
[Dr. Couey]: I thought the vast majority of what was on TV was true.
[Dr. Couey]: I thought the vast majority of the history that I was given in high school was true.
[Dr. Couey]: I thought the vast majority of basic biology that I was given was true.
[Dr. Couey]: And now after a lifelong being a biologist, finding myself at a pretty good med school, still struggling and believing that, you know, despite all of the hardship and the shortcomings, I should keep going, you know, and I could tell you more about how successful or not successful I was doing at Pitt, but I definitely was doing okay.
[Dr. Couey]: I mean, there was no reason to send me home from the perspective of the work that I would do in the lab.
[Dr. Couey]: And yet they just didn't agree with me and they didn't want to talk to me about my politics or about the biology of the pandemic and what might be happening.
[Dr. Couey]: And more importantly, they didn't want to talk about
[Dr. Couey]: what I claimed they should know because at some point I was, and this is kind of key to the whole story, I got very upset because I realized when, and it sounds hokey but it's really true, when I saw Bill Gates go on the PBS News Hour on a lighted table
[Dr. Couey]: with all kinds of little foam models and try to make parallels between old vaccines and the new vaccines.
[Dr. Couey]: And I was like, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute.
[Dr. Couey]: They're just talking about transfection here.
[Dr. Couey]: This is what I do to my mice.
[Dr. Couey]: That's not a vaccine.
[Dr. Couey]: He's just, he is, he's doing a shell game here.
[Dr. Couey]: And he's saying that all the things underneath here are vaccines.
[Dr. Couey]: And then he's opening them up and that's a vaccine.
[Dr. Couey]: That's a vaccine.
[Dr. Couey]: And that's a vaccine.
[Dr. Couey]: It's like, that's not how,
[Dr. Couey]: That's not how language works.
[Dr. Couey]: That's not how this definition works.
[Dr. Couey]: Like that's a transfection.
[Dr. Couey]: They're going to express proteins in people.
[Dr. Couey]: I mean, I do that in my mice and I knew that it was lethal.
[Dr. Couey]: I knew that, that it would, it,
[Dr. Couey]: inevitably provoked the way that I did it do it specifically is that I transfected the brains of mice, but I understood that after a certain time, the area that you transfected and the neurons that were expressing that protein die for any number of reasons, because the immune system kills them because they can't overexpress a protein that long without dying.
[Dr. Couey]: Because the protein you expressed in high amounts is toxic.
[Dr. Couey]: There's lots of potential reasons.
[Dr. Couey]: And they're probably all on the table.
[Dr. Couey]: But the bottom line is that transfection in healthy animals is not used.
[Dr. Couey]: We were not testing transfection in healthy people.
[Dr. Couey]: We were testing it in people that were going to die and trying to cure their lethal cancer or people that had a debilitating genetic disorder that were willing to risk death in order to try and overcome this debilitating genetic disease.
[Dr. Couey]: But we weren't ever thinking that we could augment
[Dr. Couey]: healthy humans because we've never augmented healthy animals in the laboratory and then studied them based on their newly gained health.
[Dr. Couey]: When we transfect animals, we are manipulating them.
[Dr. Couey]: We are over-expressing a protein, or we are under-expressing a protein, or we are putting a protein where it doesn't belong, or we are putting a protein to interfere with another protein and then seeing what happens.
[Dr. Couey]: And then inevitably, that animal gets sacrificed, and we use the anatomy to
[Dr. Couey]: to verify that we did what we said we did.
[Dr. Couey]: And that experimental paradigm where we transfect a experimental model of an animal, the protein expression changes, we make measurements and compare that to when the protein expression didn't change.
[Dr. Couey]: And now we think we may have learned something about how that protein works.
[Dr. Couey]: But those animals are not thought to be okay after we've done that.
[Dr. Couey]: And we know they're not okay.
[Dr. Couey]: It's not only because we want the anatomy, and so we sacrifice the animal.
[Dr. Couey]: We know that if we were to leave them longer, they would die.
[Dr. Couey]: Their brain and that area that was transfected would be destroyed, or would destroy itself, or would fall apart, or would get immunologically removed.
[Dr. Couey]: Whatever is the explanation, because nobody investigates it.
[Sarah Westall]: And so, so is it that we just have faulty stuff that's entrenched in the universities?
[Sarah Westall]: And if anybody points that out and questions it, and in medical everywhere, anybody who points it out is suppressed or killed or pushed aside.
[Sarah Westall]: And so it's because there's so much money to be made.
[Sarah Westall]: And I mean, that's what it looks.
[Sarah Westall]: It's not just money.
[Sarah Westall]: I know that.
[Dr. Couey]: No, no, it's, it's, it's, it's not much money anymore because, uh,
[Dr. Couey]: In reality, the people that we're fighting don't even use money.
[Dr. Couey]: I mean, I don't think the overclass even uses money.
[Sarah Westall]: I get what you're saying, but the people doing the marching and implementing what they want do.
[Dr. Couey]: Oh yeah, that's right.
[Dr. Couey]: But I mean, since they have infinite, you know, it's pretty easy to control.
[Sarah Westall]: Well, they can just print.
[Sarah Westall]: They can do arbitrage.
[Sarah Westall]: You know what that means, like where they can take a million dollars and they can print nine times, I think it's nine times that of a million dollars.
[Sarah Westall]: And then you take three of that and print that over again and take three of that and print that.
[Sarah Westall]: And next thing you know, you got all the money you want and it doesn't matter.
[Sarah Westall]: You can do anything you want at any point in time.
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah, it's diabolical for sure, the trap that we are in.
[Sarah Westall]: Okay, so what happened then with your son?
[Sarah Westall]: I wanted to keep going back to that story Oh, yeah.
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah, so so I get I get asked not to come back in but the unfortunate thing is that was October of 2020 and They had just renewed my one-year contract in July so they couldn't really fire me
[Dr. Couey]: They could just stop my career, so all the experiments I was doing stopped.
[Dr. Couey]: All the on loan equipment, I'm not using it anymore, they sent it back.
[Dr. Couey]: All the projects that I were on, they didn't give me authorship on them anymore, except for a lab that wasn't associated with my boss.
[Dr. Couey]: They still put me on a paper recently, which was really nice, but that's because the
[Dr. Couey]: That PI and the person that I was working with are genuine, honest, sweet individuals.
[Dr. Couey]: Anyway, that doesn't matter because I wasn't going to use those papers anyway, because as you may or may not know, you can't go from one university to another and say, well, you know, I can't give you any recommendations for my last job because that place sucked.
[Dr. Couey]: I mean, you're not going to get a job anywhere then.
[Dr. Couey]: So even though they didn't do anything overt, just by not offering, there's no possibility of me going further in any university job, even though my CV includes a Nobel Prize winning lab in 2014 that I have like five papers with.
[Dr. Couey]: It doesn't matter.
[Dr. Couey]: because you need so much of this other kind of conformational baggage that you know how to play the game.
[Dr. Couey]: And that includes, you know, glowing recommendation letters.
[Dr. Couey]: And unfortunately, I don't even have the right set of multicultural
[Dr. Couey]: Sort of credentials because I don't qualify as anything I'm half white and half Filipino or I'm really half white quarter Filipino and a quarter Asian Indian, you know like India Indian, so it's kind of I have a I don't fit in any fun boxes.
[Sarah Westall]: No Technically, I'm not oppressed right?
[Dr. Couey]: I'm not a member of an oppressed I
[Dr. Couey]: I own unique oppressed race.
[Dr. Couey]: No, I've just always considered myself an American and my favorite time in my whole adult life was when I was living outside of America and that was a sufficient enough answer for everybody to say that I was American.
[Dr. Couey]: And I can remember very, very distinctly in my university, this idea of multiculturalism and everybody was a hyphenated American, like an African-American or an Irish-American or a Jewish-American.
[Dr. Couey]: And I was like, I don't know what I am.
[Dr. Couey]: I'm just American.
[Dr. Couey]: And I'm still sticking to that now.
[Dr. Couey]: My kids are that way too.
[Dr. Couey]: But they didn't ask me to shut up after that.
[Dr. Couey]: They never contacted me again.
[Dr. Couey]: And so in that eight months that I had,
[Dr. Couey]: I just decided that I had to keep working and so what I did was I bought immunology books and virology books and I still had all of my library connections on the internet so I could use the library, download papers and I just worked as hard as I could to learn the biology in real time while also
[Dr. Couey]: kind of streaming or interviewing people or talking or giving some kind of... It was originally just PowerPoint presentations to the ether.
[Dr. Couey]: And I got a few followers that started saying that what I was doing was really important.
[Dr. Couey]: And when the salary ran out,
[Dr. Couey]: We had a little savings and we had a few supporters and I just kept going.
[Dr. Couey]: And so that was 2021 when the salary ran out in July and then I kept going until April of 2022.
[Dr. Couey]: And by then, in January of 2022, this guy named Rixie had come to my house.
[Dr. Couey]: And it's important to understand, I guess, the context of this.
[Dr. Couey]: People may have heard of DRASTIC before, this group on Twitter that Tucker Carlson and Vanity Fair reported about in 2021.
[Dr. Couey]: It's a group of people, a group of meddlers, that for a long time I was an original member of.
[Dr. Couey]: But they actually split in half and kicked me out at the same time because I insisted that we stop talking about the origins of the virus and start talking about transfection because they were lying about it.
[Dr. Couey]: And that's when I kind of went on my own.
[Dr. Couey]: That's also, you know, was this time when I had salary and I had insurance and so I was feeling pretty confident that this was all going to end.
[Dr. Couey]: I was going to break it or someone was going to break it.
[Dr. Couey]: You know, I had no idea in 2021 that it would even last until the end of 2021.
[Dr. Couey]: But at the end of 2021, this group drastic on Twitter had been trying to get me to promote this leaked proposal called diffuse, which was supposedly a grant proposal that EcoHealth Alliance had submitted to DARPA, but not gotten funded.
[Dr. Couey]: And it was leaked from some DOD database at the end of 2021.
[Dr. Couey]: And I said on my stream that I thought it was bullshit.
[Dr. Couey]: And I said, I thought it was bullshit because the description is so ridiculously on point for the nonsense that these people have been talking about for a year.
[Dr. Couey]: So very specifically in the diffuse proposal, they talk about spraying vaccines, aerosolized vaccines for bats into bat caves.
[Dr. Couey]: And those vaccines should have coronaviruses with varied
[Dr. Couey]: fear and cleavage sites that they would insert with a cassette.
[Dr. Couey]: So basically just describing exactly what all these internet sleuths had been describing for the last year and a half.
[Dr. Couey]: And by then I had already decided were a bunch of, you know, mysteries we were supposed to solve.
[Dr. Couey]: I hadn't figured it all out yet, but I was sure that these people were getting us to run in hamster wheels because they were telling you
[Dr. Couey]: and arguing with me that the spike protein was hurting people.
[Dr. Couey]: The spike protein was hurting people on the virus, and the spike protein was gonna hurt people when they put the mRNA in them.
[Dr. Couey]: And I was trying to make the argument that no, and I was very succinct already by then, saying that no, I think that's what the national security state wants you to argue about.
[Dr. Couey]: Transfection of any protein
[Dr. Couey]: Would cause the same level of damage because you can't express a foreign protein without your immune system reacting without that cell having some Toxic or detrimental effects to doing what it's not supposed to or never would already do with a chemically altered RNA in many many copies because again, that's the other part of
[Dr. Couey]: of the mRNA cartoon that they never really tell you.
[Dr. Couey]: They tell you that, yeah, they put the mRNA in the lipid nanoparticle.
[Dr. Couey]: But they don't tell you how many RNAs are in there.
[Dr. Couey]: They don't tell you how many RNAs they're putting in you.
[Dr. Couey]: And they don't tell you how that's related to, say, the RNAs in your own cell.
[Dr. Couey]: When a cell of your body is making a protein, how many RNAs are active in it at any given time?
[Dr. Couey]: Do you know?
[Dr. Couey]: Because they don't.
[Dr. Couey]: And so if they put a million RNAs into each cell that gets a nanoparticle, how is that related to the natural level of RNA when protein production is required?
[Dr. Couey]: You and I don't know because they don't know.
[Dr. Couey]: And it's used on the academic bench.
[Dr. Couey]: We just want as much protein as possible because that's what we're trying to do.
[Dr. Couey]: We're trying to manipulate the system.
[Dr. Couey]: But when you're trying to use this technique to immunize somebody, it makes no sense at all.
[Dr. Couey]: And yet they went forward with the certainty of, it was extraordinary to me.
[Dr. Couey]: And then even more extraordinary was this concerted, coordinated, ridiculously well-organized
[Dr. Couey]: narrative team that was saying all different aspects of the spike.
[Dr. Couey]: The spike protein has a furin cleavage site, that makes it super contagious.
[Dr. Couey]: The spike protein has HIV inserts, that makes it super dangerous.
[Dr. Couey]: The spike protein has homology with staphylococcin and teratoxin B, that makes it very immunogenic and maybe it causes the cytokine storm.
[Dr. Couey]: The list was endless.
[Dr. Couey]: And no matter how much I try to say to people that that could be a red herring.
[Dr. Couey]: That actually this is old technology that I've used and lots of people have used.
[Dr. Couey]: And you should understand that this is probably a bait and switch.
[Dr. Couey]: We are still in 2025.
[Dr. Couey]: And all of the people that have heard this from me, ignore it.
[Dr. Couey]: even though it is absolutely where they're eventually going to go.
[Dr. Couey]: They're going to say it, even if they don't say it until 2026 or 2027, when Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
[Dr. Couey]: gives his report on safe vaccines, they could have said it in 2020.
[Dr. Couey]: And they could have said it because there was a, at the time, a employed, paid faculty member of an American medical school saying it.
[Dr. Couey]: And I was also saying it could be a lab leak, of course.
[Dr. Couey]: And so that was also could have been very handy for them, I guess.
[Dr. Couey]: But it's extraordinary to me that in all this time, we haven't made very much progress on the understanding of this biology.
[Dr. Couey]: And that's what's been most frustrating to me because we get to the end of 2021 and I run out of money and my very few subscribers keep me going.
[Dr. Couey]: But it's really like five people that kept me going until
[Dr. Couey]: The diffuse proposal is released by Veritas.
[Dr. Couey]: So after these people struggled and drastic really wanted me to do it, they released it via Veritas, which is extraordinary because that's who Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
[Dr. Couey]: got it from.
[Dr. Couey]: That's who is listed in this book as having released it.
[Dr. Couey]: And the actual guy, whatever, is Major Murphy or whatever.
[Dr. Couey]: And so there's no Charles Rixey in any of these stories.
[Dr. Couey]: And there's no Charles Rixey in the story of Veritas and the release of the Diffuse Proposal.
[Dr. Couey]: But there's definitely a story of Charles Rixey in my story because he was a late addition to Drastic.
[Dr. Couey]: He was a guy who was on the internet in 2020 saying that the fear and cleavage site made it the most infectious virus on earth.
[Dr. Couey]: He was a guy who actually came to my house in January of 2022 and he spent the night with a woman and a kid at my house and we streamed about the defuse proposal and I just said, okay, I mean,
[Dr. Couey]: You know, if a Marine comes to your house and says that drastic is right and that you're the American drastic partner of his and we've got to tell the truth about defuse, you kind of just do it.
[Dr. Couey]: And I did it.
[Dr. Couey]: And I still was skeptical.
[Dr. Couey]: I still didn't know for sure, but he came to my house and the woman that he came with was really nice, but I don't know.
[Dr. Couey]: Anyway.
[Dr. Couey]: Two months later I get a phone call on my front lawn from Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
[Dr. Couey]: who says that Robert Malone sat him down on a couch and made him watch my stream from January when this guy Charles Rixey was on my stream and he wanted to support or hire me and Charles to
[Dr. Couey]: to help him or to help us and he's writing a book and so maybe we could help with that.
[Dr. Couey]: And then a half an hour later I got a phone call from Senator Ron Johnson saying that Robert Malone had told him he had to watch my stream and that he would very much appreciate it if I would write him a short brief to try and explain to him my understanding of the pandemic.
[Dr. Couey]: And that's April or
[Dr. Couey]: I think it's the very beginning of April 2022.
[Dr. Couey]: So a couple months later they actually hired me and started paying me to read this text and to help get the citations right and to add whatever I wanted to add to it.
[Dr. Couey]: And so there's parts in here
[Dr. Couey]: where I'm quoted, that I added, there's lots of papers that are explained in here that I added, and on page 441 I say explicitly they wouldn't even need a virus to pull this off, because they don't.
[Dr. Couey]: If they use PCR in a malevolent way, they can lie about it.
[Dr. Couey]: And I think that's the main way now, in the 30,000 foot way, you can see who is a likely false hero and who's not.
[Dr. Couey]: Because if you have a track record where now you have the largest audience you've ever had,
[Dr. Couey]: but you completely ignore that PCR was used to murder people in 2020.
[Dr. Couey]: You completely ignore that PCR was used to create the illusion of a oncoming catastrophe, create the illusion of the monitoring of a novel pathogen using a novel set of diagnostics that were actually only granted EUAs, which only required the signature of some dude
[Dr. Couey]: in an office.
[Dr. Couey]: There was no evaluation of these things at all.
[Dr. Couey]: And a lot of these tests were produced in China.
[Sarah Westall]: So let me ask you, let me stop you right there.
[Dr. Couey]: Sure.
[Sarah Westall]: I downloaded all the CDC numbers and there wasn't a statistical increase in deaths in 2021 or 2022.
[Sarah Westall]: They changed it, though.
[Sarah Westall]: They went back and changed all those numbers, even it was 100 percent reported.
[Sarah Westall]: There wasn't a statistical increase.
[Sarah Westall]: So they what you saying that they could make something up and just do it based on the PCR test is is real.
[Sarah Westall]: However, where I always have an issue, and I can't get past this because I don't, there's too much evidence to show that there was something in certain areas, but not everywhere.
[Sarah Westall]: and that everywhere could simply be the flu or a cold or a bad, you know, whatever.
[Sarah Westall]: But what was happening in like Zelenko's area?
[Sarah Westall]: Because I really think Zev Zelenko was the real deal.
[Sarah Westall]: I talked to his brother, and they were really helping a lot of people.
[Sarah Westall]: Was there something planted in certain areas?
[Sarah Westall]: That's what it looks like.
[Sarah Westall]: Certain areas, there was something going on, but for the most part, it was bullshit.
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah, I mean, well, I would say first of all, I would say that that's part of a crime scene then, and so I wouldn't speculate about exactly what would happen, but certainly the release of some kind of toxin or poison is more than possible.
[Dr. Couey]: I also think that any number of biological agents could have been released that could also include a DNA or RNA sequence.
[Dr. Couey]: And the reason why I say that is because that's how all protein biologics are made in pharmaceutical companies even before the pandemic.
[Dr. Couey]: And I think that's another aspect of this that's taken me five years to figure out.
[Dr. Couey]: It wasn't very clear to me
[Dr. Couey]: before the pandemic, what I understood and didn't understand about the Human Genome Project, for example.
[Dr. Couey]: The Human Genome Project, for me, meant that they had sequenced the human genome, that they could sequence yours, or they could sequence mine, and they could just print it out.
[Dr. Couey]: And I didn't understand how wrong that was until I was forced to figure that out during the pandemic.
[Dr. Couey]: The best way that I can summarize that revelation for your listeners is that AI is credited with having beat or figured out or conquered the game Go with regard to playing a human.
[Dr. Couey]: And that's that Chinese game with the white and black stones.
[Dr. Couey]: And before that, AI was credited with basically becoming better than humans in chess.
[Dr. Couey]: But interestingly in those solutions, your viewers are probably vaguely aware, they can't just open the box and figure out how chess works.
[Dr. Couey]: And they can't open the box and figure out how Go works, they just know that when they play that machine that it can win.
[Sarah Westall]: And so how these say that I want to cut you off.
[Sarah Westall]: Yeah, sure I want to say for the listeners it it was pre AI that could do this Regardless, it doesn't have to be AI.
[Dr. Couey]: No, it is a marketing thing, but keep absolutely and I would I was going there I mean AI is a marketing thing.
[Dr. Couey]: It is just brute force machine learning and The the architecture of these things are real basic neural networks that just require
[Dr. Couey]: More nodes and so those nodes could be computers or computers with lots of density or whatever But however that technology manifests itself even people You know as far back as Joshua Lederberg knew that one of the things we would need is not only the ability to store the data But then computers that were you know?
[Dr. Couey]: Mechanically or electronically capable of juggling that data and juggling it fast enough to consider many many possibilities and that brute force
[Dr. Couey]: Kind of of computing is what's being lied to us as and represented as AI and you know even It's dangerous, but yes, it's not what they're saying No, and it's not gonna it's not gonna awaken anytime soon and kill us all but the people The people that are using it against us would love us to worry about that so
[Dr. Couey]: The AI solution to those games can be a very apt analogy for what Joshua Lederberg and many of these other pioneers in genetics and in biology have thought was going to be the inevitable sort of technological future.
[Dr. Couey]: Ray Kurzweil is another guy who keeps saying that 10 years from now we're going to be able to upload our consciousness, there will be no more disease, yada, yada, yada, we'll all live forever.
[Dr. Couey]: The idea that the Human Genome Project actually sequenced the human genome is wrong by one word.
[Dr. Couey]: They sequenced a human genome.
[Dr. Couey]: And then the combination of Venter's company and some other company, they actually sequenced three
[Dr. Couey]: human genomes.
[Dr. Couey]: And they didn't sequence them really, but they just made very detailed restriction enzyme maps, which we can talk about what those are, but they're kind of like landmark maps or it doesn't matter.
[Dr. Couey]: And then they could compare across those three genomes.
[Dr. Couey]: But
[Dr. Couey]: Just like Go and just like chess, my argument is that they cannot solve the human genome by sequencing three people, just like they can't solve Go by playing three games of Go with the computer.
[Dr. Couey]: They need to play billions of games of Go with the computer before the computer gets better and starts to see the pattern.
[Dr. Couey]: And in order for them to use AI to effectively solve any real problems or gain any computer-aided insight into the human genome, they need every genome available to them.
[Dr. Couey]: And now if you think about the fact- Because they have to look at every difference.
[Dr. Couey]: Every difference because only in all of those differences will there be patterns that the AI might be able to identify provided we can collect enough data and provide it to the AI and do enough flops of calculations.
[Dr. Couey]: But remember, the amount of potential variables here is inestimable because we don't even know what all the genome encodes.
[Dr. Couey]: All we know is we can find some proteins in there.
[Dr. Couey]: The rest of it we don't know.
[Dr. Couey]: We don't know where puberty is recorded.
[Dr. Couey]: We don't know where the timing and the length of puberty is recorded.
[Dr. Couey]: We don't know where the developmental time course of a baby through toddler is recorded.
[Dr. Couey]: We don't know where the transition from a fertile mom to a still very capable matriarch that's in menopause.
[Dr. Couey]: Where is that encoded into the genome?
[Dr. Couey]: We don't know any of that.
[Sarah Westall]: Let me ask you, this is really interesting.
[Sarah Westall]: So basically, we have all these, something I've been thinking about for a long time, we have all these buildings, we have all this white lab stuff, we have all these chemical things, we have all these television and media, and everybody looks all professional, but it's just a crock of BS.
[Sarah Westall]: It's a facade that we actually know much at all.
[Dr. Couey]: Absolutely, and they want you to believe either a very stupid simple Sorry dumb simple.
[Dr. Couey]: I just for my own sake I say it the same way every time they either want you to accept a very dumb simple explanation or Surrender to a stupid complicated one.
[Dr. Couey]: And so if it's a stupid complicated one, it's way over your head You know the Ukraine and its history.
[Sarah Westall]: It's way beyond you with finance.
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah, sure.
[Dr. Couey]: Exactly.
[Sarah Westall]: It's stupid complicated It's really complicated.
[Sarah Westall]: Nobody understands it
[Dr. Couey]: Go ahead.
[Dr. Couey]: And with biology, there's a lot of that.
[Dr. Couey]: And they do it, they go back and forth between it's, you know, really dumb, simple.
[Dr. Couey]: I mean, it's DNA to RNA to protein.
[Dr. Couey]: We put some RNA in you, you make some protein, voila, it's done.
[Dr. Couey]: It's not even there for a week, nothing to care about.
[Dr. Couey]: And the same thing, if now it's going wrong, then it becomes a very stupid, complicated explanation where, oh, we could have never known that the RNA would be contaminated with DNA because there's lots of different ways to do these things and quality controls are very complicated, blah, blah, blah.
[Dr. Couey]: And in reality, every single person, and that was where I was going before, every single person that has a career history in pharmaceuticals can tell you one thing, and that is that when you make a monoclonal antibody, or a polyclonal antibody, or a protein biologic that's going to treat something, or replace something, or do whatever it does, in order to make that protein, an antibody is a protein too, you have to make the DNA that encodes it,
[Dr. Couey]: Then you have to grow that DNA into large quantities using a bacterial culture.
[Dr. Couey]: And then you can do any number of different things to take that DNA to get to the protein.
[Dr. Couey]: But then once you do that, if you use a commercial RNase to do that, or if you use a cell culture to do that, or you use another bacterial culture to make the protein from the DNA,
[Dr. Couey]: At the end, in order to make your product safe, in order to qualify as a biologic, you need to take all the bacteria, all the endotoxins, all the DNA, and all the RNA out, and have a pure protein.
[Dr. Couey]: In order to make monoclonal antibodies, you have to do exactly that and that's why monoclonal antibodies are so expensive because if that purification step that removes the bacteria, removes the endotoxins, removes the DNA and removes the RNA, if that step fails, it's so expensive that it's actually better for them to throw that batch out and start over than it is to try and run it through the same process again.
[Dr. Couey]: So now, hold up.
[Dr. Couey]: So what that means is that the infrastructure that was used to make the RNA, which is the huge vats of bacterial cultures with the plasmid DNA, that infrastructure all existed already.
[Dr. Couey]: They didn't have to retool anything.
[Dr. Couey]: Actually, the only thing they had to do was stop at RNA and not make the protein.
[Dr. Couey]: And so every one of these people that knew this process should have already understood that if you're not going to purify it, then that means the bacteria and the endotoxins and the DNA from the original process will not be separated from this.
[Dr. Couey]: It'll be in there.
[Sarah Westall]: Is that a common knowledge or is it, do people act like it's a common knowledge and the majority of people don't even really understand?
[Dr. Couey]: No, no, no one acts, no one says this but me.
[Dr. Couey]: I'm the only one who's ever pointed this out that actually if you worked in pharmaceuticals before and you know how biologics are made then you know how they did this and you know that there's this crucial step.
[Dr. Couey]: called anion exchange chromatography where they spend a shit ton of money to get all of the contaminants out of the batch of the protein, the biologic.
[Dr. Couey]: And that step is not only not necessary to make the RNA, it actually won't work because it takes all nucleic acids out.
[Dr. Couey]: And so if you try to separate DNA from RNA using that process, it won't work.
[Dr. Couey]: So, the crazy part is, is that if you have had a company that made a biologic, you can't not know it.
[Sarah Westall]: That's what I'm saying.
[Dr. Couey]: If you had a company that you then sold to Pfizer, then you can't not know this.
[Sarah Westall]: They should all have known this.
[Sarah Westall]: Maybe not the professors at the medical school.
[Dr. Couey]: No, but the pharmaceutical people did.
[Dr. Couey]: Sure, all of them.
[Dr. Couey]: Anybody that has real career in pharmaceuticals should be ashamed of themselves, or actually, you just have to admit, they can't not know by now, because I've been trying to tell people for like three years, so.
[Sarah Westall]: So have anybody come forward or talked to you and said, yes, you're right.
[Sarah Westall]: I'm assuming you've had many people say.
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah, but nobody that's out there, you know, people at pharmaceutical companies, former pharmaceutical companies, people, yes, they've all said I'm right.
[Dr. Couey]: That's why I say it so confidently.
[Dr. Couey]: I don't know what anion stains chromatography is off paper.
[Dr. Couey]: I don't know how to do it.
[Dr. Couey]: I've read about it, but you know, I'm not an expert in it, but I know that that's the cash money.
[Dr. Couey]: That's the cash money methodology.
[Dr. Couey]: I know that's how they purify these things.
[Dr. Couey]: And I know that if you bring that up, people usually just shut down.
[Dr. Couey]: I don't know what that is.
[Dr. Couey]: It's like, how can you not know what it is?
[Dr. Couey]: The most expensive step.
[Dr. Couey]: It's the one that everybody loses their job over.
[Dr. Couey]: Like, what are you talking about?
[Sarah Westall]: So do you think that'll be common knowledge or do you think it'll get buried?
[Sarah Westall]: Do you think in like five years or something, do you think that'll come out?
[Dr. Couey]: No, I think that that's the whole point.
[Dr. Couey]: So I guess that's, I'm sorry, I haven't really talked this far into this for a while, but that is definitely, that's always been the plan, you see, because there are more expensive ways to make RNA cleaner.
[Dr. Couey]: They essentially have what would amount to a molecular printer where they can print the RNA one base at a time, but there's kind of a limitation to how long it can be.
[Dr. Couey]: And it's just a very expensive small batch process.
[Dr. Couey]: So that would work.
[Sarah Westall]: Does that tie into what they're trying to do with Larry Ellison?
[Dr. Couey]: Absolutely, it does.
[Sarah Westall]: It's exactly it's it's all the same reason that's why they have to get rid of the FDA here That's why they have to get rid of it Because it explains the Larry Ellison's all about personalized Personalized and so we're talking about personally them are he's talking about curing cancer.
[Sarah Westall]: Yeah, I'm RNA
[Dr. Couey]: But the idea of personalized medicine has been around since like a long time, since Joshua Lederberg and his... It is real.
[Sarah Westall]: Personalized medicine is a real thing, right?
[Sarah Westall]: We're talking about everybody's genome being different.
[Sarah Westall]: It just depends on how you are actually implementing it.
[Sarah Westall]: If you're doing
[Sarah Westall]: Something that's good.
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah, I mean, okay, so so I guess so I mean, but then you're you're really widening the definition of medicine because for me medicine is something more like You know, like when you get a cut you put betadine on it and that works for everybody you know antibiotics work for everybody and
[Dr. Couey]: Generally speaking, eating healthy food works for everyone.
[Dr. Couey]: I understand that that's not always true.
[Dr. Couey]: But for me, the idea of extending medicine to effectively altering
[Dr. Couey]: the pattern integrity is now where you're just, it's silly.
[Sarah Westall]: I guess the best- Well, it's a combination of systems engineering and biology, really.
[Sarah Westall]: And that's why some universities are starting to put the medical school in with the engineering school.
[Sarah Westall]: Yeah, it's not good.
[Sarah Westall]: It's systems engineering of the body.
[Sarah Westall]: Now, it could be if you had altruistic means and you weren't pushed by, let's make as much money as we possibly can.
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah, I mean, I guess I have a hard time with that, even though I know, I guess for me, the problem is, is that I can still remember my mindset when I was in academia and how easily I could have been enticed into thinking all the way to the idea that, well, you know, I have good intentions, so I'm sure that I should get into this.
[Dr. Couey]: I have become convinced over these last five years that we are as overextended in our claims versus our understanding as we were in the 50s now.
[Dr. Couey]: The only thing is, is we can make more flashy and we can make things look cooler because we can make better cartoons.
[Dr. Couey]: But in no way, shape or form is our level of understanding
[Dr. Couey]: as far ahead as they claim it is from earlier.
[Dr. Couey]: A lot of these concepts are still very much the same.
[Dr. Couey]: And we still are only limited by our ability to play with them in very tiny, simple models like bacteria or cell cultures.
[Dr. Couey]: And then we just say that, well, these little rules over here, they're also at work in your body.
[Dr. Couey]: We just haven't figured it all out yet.
[Sarah Westall]: But you know what I think you're getting at is I think the paradigms have changed, well the deep state paradigms, DARPA's paradigms have changed.
[Sarah Westall]: They're using frequency, they're using...
[Sarah Westall]: Electrical engineering, I mean, they're the whole paradigm.
[Sarah Westall]: But what's the universities for the average person are kept in this box of old paradigms on purpose, I think, because the idea of frequency and electrical circuitry and fuse with the body is really far along.
[Sarah Westall]: It's just not there in average everyday university settings.
[Sarah Westall]: That's where I think things are going.
[Dr. Couey]: I do feel like I have some reasonably good gut feeling about this just from the perspective of having killed so many animals of so many different species with the intent of trying to understand their brain.
[Dr. Couey]: I have helped implant electrodes to record from many different parts of the brain in a few different species of animal.
[Dr. Couey]: And I have thought about these kinds of things for a very, very, very long time.
[Dr. Couey]: And I am quite confident when I say that there is no physical interface that will need to physically pass the skull, which will usefully interact with the brain.
[Dr. Couey]: It'll never happen.
[Dr. Couey]: There's no biological way for me to draw a cartoon where theoretically if you drill a hole right here and put this in that we could read or write to the brain.
[Dr. Couey]: It's just such a stupid idea.
[Dr. Couey]: I can't explain how bad it is.
[Dr. Couey]: And I understand that there's lots of people out there that will say that we can do it or that it's optogenetics or some other thing.
[Dr. Couey]: But it is with the utmost conviction.
[Dr. Couey]: I am more confident about that than I am about my statements about the virus.
[Sarah Westall]: So that this is this is interesting.
[Sarah Westall]: So you don't believe that you can.
[Sarah Westall]: I'm just learning real time and talking to you here because I know it's all good.
[Sarah Westall]: I probably smart.
[Sarah Westall]: So this is great.
[Dr. Couey]: Please don't say that.
[Dr. Couey]: I'm just I'm just I have a lot of experience with thinking about this stuff.
[Dr. Couey]: That's it.
[Dr. Couey]: I don't I don't know for sure anything.
[Sarah Westall]: But my understanding with all my research is that there are certain frequencies that trigger emotions there are certain frequencies that you can almost do anything with frequencies and You can simulate emotions.
[Sarah Westall]: You can you can plant You know like the voice to skull you can put voices in their head.
[Sarah Westall]: You can do all sorts of stuff you can store
[Sarah Westall]: In matter, you can store data in matter.
[Sarah Westall]: That's proven.
[Sarah Westall]: You can do this.
[Sarah Westall]: You can store data in matter.
[Sarah Westall]: DARPA's N3 project is scary for me because I think that you can store data in matter and then you can project frequencies out to people's brains that will create emotions, will create memories.
[Sarah Westall]: All of this is going, but you wouldn't see that in a medical school, but that's what they're working on.
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah, I mean, again, I would say that just like there have been lots of publications that say they're working on gain-of-function viruses, that doesn't make them real.
[Computer Voice]: That's for sure.
[Dr. Couey]: And you can do a lot of publications and put out a lot of grant proposals with the desire of controlling neuronal networks or controlling animal behavior.
[Sarah Westall]: Just like patents could be BS, too.
[Sarah Westall]: Just because there's a patent out there doesn't mean it's working.
[Sarah Westall]: And they could plant patents, too, to create the disinformation.
[Sarah Westall]: That's for sure.
[Sarah Westall]: And they plant stuff all the time to make people think that things are certain ways.
[Sarah Westall]: So half the patents out there could be disinfo.
[Sarah Westall]: And then you've got all these researchers showing these patents of what's really happening.
[Sarah Westall]: It's like, well, that's just a patent.
[Sarah Westall]: It doesn't mean it works.
[Sarah Westall]: But regardless,
[Sarah Westall]: The storage of data on someone's DNA or someone's body, I've seen it functioning.
[Dr. Couey]: But that's physical chemistry, right?
[Dr. Couey]: That's no problem.
[Dr. Couey]: I don't have any problem with that.
[Dr. Couey]: That's not writing memories into me and making me remember my mom as being a blonde lady or something like that.
[Sarah Westall]: Okay, well, you can erase memories, right?
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah, but that's also less complicated because it's a disruption of something, right?
[Dr. Couey]: So you only need to knock out a few pieces and that might not be as accurate as you think.
[Sarah Westall]: And creating new memories are more complicated.
[Sarah Westall]: The studies have shown that.
[Sarah Westall]: But when you create fear in people,
[Sarah Westall]: And then you plant memories that might not be the planting.
[Sarah Westall]: The memory might not be frequency based as much as social media or information based when it comes to planting memories, because you can overwrite memories, you can create fear, and then you can you can create a memory that isn't real through probably not very sophisticated means.
[Dr. Couey]: Absolutely.
[Dr. Couey]: I mean, scrolling is is absolutely acquiescing to a potentially memory erasing experience.
[Dr. Couey]: I mean,
[Dr. Couey]: I don't know, I'm not an expert in it, but it's very easy for me to imagine that a combination of images and false words, if read with a lot of attention, could be used to create false memories or false impressions, or get people to be really excited about questions they shouldn't be excited about.
[Dr. Couey]: And I have no doubt in my mind they're doing that right now, all the time, as often as they possibly can.
[Sarah Westall]: Well, and the study that I looked at where they had 900 people, they created fear and in all because of fear, without the fear, it's not as successful.
[Sarah Westall]: No, once they created the fear, they were able to plant false memories in all 900 people.
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah.
[Dr. Couey]: And that's that's a that's an interesting thing that I actually did some work on directly and indirectly because fear is a
[Dr. Couey]: Generally speaking, if it's done correctly with a little bit of pain, it's a one experience learning paradigm.
[Dr. Couey]: You can teach an animal something with one experience if there's a little pain and fear involved.
[Dr. Couey]: And so the obvious one that everybody does is the pairing of a tone with a shock.
[Dr. Couey]: And so if a mouse is running around in a cage and the floor is electrified and you, you know, you play a tone and then one second later you shock the animal for one second, then the next time he hears that tone he's gonna get really panicking immediately.
[Dr. Couey]: It won't, and the same thing would happen to you if you were sitting on a chair and somebody played, your phone went off and then at the same time somebody came in the room with a machine gun
[Dr. Couey]: The next time your phone went off, you would have a tendency to be very nervous.
[Dr. Couey]: And that might not be a very good example because you're already accustomed to your phone ring.
[Dr. Couey]: Whereas this mouse has been put into a new room that he doesn't know anything about.
[Dr. Couey]: And every time he hears this tone, he gets shocked.
[Dr. Couey]: If you do that...
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah, it is.
[Dr. Couey]: If you do that three times, the animal will remember it forever.
[Dr. Couey]: You can come back three months later, put him in the cage and play that tone and the animal will go from sprinting to freezing to sprinting to freezing.
[Dr. Couey]: And that's considered sort of evidence of the learning.
[Dr. Couey]: And so people have used this
[Dr. Couey]: model in mice for actually decades, where they make a manipulation like a transfection in the brain, and that transfection changes the expression of a protein, and then they look at how the mouse learns compared to the control, which learns in one exposure.
[Dr. Couey]: And they can measure the learning based on how much freezing they do when they hear the tone again.
[Dr. Couey]: And they can measure how long it's been since they last were shocked and all this stuff and play around with all these variables.
[Dr. Couey]: And they've been using it for a very long time.
[Dr. Couey]: But the bottom line is, is that no matter how you do it, no matter what paradigm of fear that you engage in, there's a nucleus in the brain, the amygdala, that's connected to a bunch of different places in the brain, that if that nucleus is activated,
[Dr. Couey]: And it seems to be both plus and minus actually, not just fear, but it can also be positive things as well.
[Dr. Couey]: We're not really sure about that yet.
[Dr. Couey]: When that nucleus is activated, then the memories and the sensory inputs and the context in the location and the experience that's currently there are all encoded together.
[Dr. Couey]: And so they get linked.
[Dr. Couey]: And we're not really sure how they're linked, but one of the ways that we think they're linked is through the hippocampus.
[Dr. Couey]: The hippocampus is the place in the brain that was ablated in H.M.
[Dr. Couey]: This is Henry Mollison, maybe one of the most famous neuroscientists, science patients in the world.
[Dr. Couey]: He had his hippocampus ablated as an adult for epilepsy, and then ever after that, he had no more memory anymore.
[Dr. Couey]: He could remember everything before that, but every time he met someone after that, it was the first time he met him.
[Dr. Couey]: One of the most extraordinary aspects of his learning and not learning is that after his operation, he learned to play ping-pong and he became very good at it.
[Dr. Couey]: But every time he played ping-pong, he always expressed to the person that he was playing that he was surprised he was so good at it he'd never played before.
[Sarah Westall]: So he had the muscle memory, but he didn't have the memory.
[Dr. Couey]: The cognitive, declarative memory to remember.
[Sarah Westall]: Because we have two different memories.
[Dr. Couey]: And that's governed by the hippocampus, it's thought.
[Dr. Couey]: So interestingly, in 2015 or 2016, I can't remember off the top of my head what the paper, when the paper came out.
[Dr. Couey]: Susumu Tonegawa's lab, a two-time Nobel Prize winner, he had a student that was working on mice in the hippocampus and he was shocking them.
[Dr. Couey]: And what he was doing was he had this very special genetic mouse that the neurons that were activated in the presence of a drug
[Dr. Couey]: would molecularly tag themselves.
[Dr. Couey]: So in other words, if you gave the mouse the special potion and then you shocked him in the cage, then the neurons that were activated by the shock and presumably were encoding the experience would tag themselves with a fluorescent tag.
[Dr. Couey]: And then what he did was he used a molecular targeting
[Dr. Couey]: protein to destroy those neurons.
[Dr. Couey]: So he trained the animal in a cage, shocked him, and then he took him out of the cage and he gave him this other sort of matching drug that removed those few neurons in the hippocampus that would molecularly tag themselves.
[Dr. Couey]: And then when he put him back in the cage, it was like they weren't afraid of the tone.
[Dr. Couey]: Or sorry, they weren't afraid of the cage.
[Dr. Couey]: So, that's the other thing that's really cool.
[Dr. Couey]: Sorry, I explained that wrong there.
[Sarah Westall]: And can you do that really specific?
[Dr. Couey]: Yes.
[Dr. Couey]: So, it's for the box.
[Dr. Couey]: You can actually make them afraid of the box.
[Dr. Couey]: And they know that in this box, when the tone goes off, they don't have to worry.
[Dr. Couey]: But in this box, when the tone goes off, they do have to worry.
[Dr. Couey]: And they can learn that very, very well.
[Dr. Couey]: And so, that was also part of the experiment.
[Dr. Couey]: And so, he could demonstrate that the animals
[Dr. Couey]: did not remember that this was the shock box.
[Dr. Couey]: They just didn't realize they, they weren't afraid of this box anymore.
[Dr. Couey]: They knew the tone was scary, but they weren't afraid of this box anymore.
[Dr. Couey]: So they kind of went back to baseline and it was amazing experiment because it was a real manipulation of a memory, but it was by physical ablation of the neurons in the hippocampus.
[Dr. Couey]: So you're totally right.
[Dr. Couey]: They know this.
[Dr. Couey]: And so then let me just stop there by saying that if they did something as simple as put a needle in your
[Dr. Couey]: amygdala and then when you were having an experience that they wanted you to remember or attribute a lot of value to, they just turned on that electrode.
[Dr. Couey]: That could be a rudimentary way
[Dr. Couey]: of augmenting the way you experience something.
[Dr. Couey]: It could become more emotional, it would become more impactual, and you'd probably be more, in my speculation, you'd be more likely to remember and believe it as significant.
[Dr. Couey]: But they've never done this experiment in people, they can't.
[Sarah Westall]: There was a study that was done, this was about five years ago, pre-COVID.
[Sarah Westall]: Things changed a lot since COVID, by the way.
[Sarah Westall]: But pre-COVID, they had a rat study, I think it was Stanford, I can't remember, but I remember reading the study,
[Sarah Westall]: where they actually were trained, they trained one rat to go through the maze.
[Sarah Westall]: And then they took that memory from that rat, that the maze memory, they knew exactly where it was, the sequence.
[Sarah Westall]: and they uploaded or planted it in the other rat, and then that rat knew the sequence without ever going there.
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah, I have not been able to follow that paper.
[Dr. Couey]: So, I got into that.
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah, I know exactly what you're talking about.
[Dr. Couey]: I went and looked at it and I started to do, actually, I was going to do a journal club on the bike on that thing back in the day.
[Dr. Couey]: Because there's an earlier version of it too.
[Sarah Westall]: I'd love you to revisit that because that's a big deal.
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah, I just remember it, remember somehow thinking to myself that it wasn't what they said it was, but I should go look into that again.
[Sarah Westall]: Because that's a big deal, right?
[Sarah Westall]: I mean, if they're putting that out, it's claiming they can do these things.
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah, it's a big deal, but it didn't make it in the way that a big deal like that should make it.
[Dr. Couey]: That should be like almost a Nobel Prize winning thing, right?
[Sarah Westall]: Yeah, well neuroscientists are all sorts of stuff that should be neuro prize-winning stuff that doesn't get there and it also could be I Don't know.
[Sarah Westall]: I mean I like I look at what DARPA's n3 program that really bothers me a lot because of the combination of storing memory and and the frequencies used against your brain to create emotion and to create fear and to create that to me is mind control and
[Sarah Westall]: and also coupling that with a server.
[Sarah Westall]: So storing some data and then storing the rest at a server about you and what frequencies, what things can cause you to do certain stuff.
[Sarah Westall]: And that bothers me a lot.
[Sarah Westall]: And I would love your look into that one as well.
[Sarah Westall]: It's DARPA's N3.
[Sarah Westall]: They're funding black sites everywhere.
[Sarah Westall]: All these different universities are involved.
[Sarah Westall]: They're already in stage three.
[Sarah Westall]: I'd love for your feedback on that one.
[Dr. Couey]: Hmm.
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah, I'm really pessimistic about this stuff just because we... That's great, then I can hear somebody's opinion.
[Dr. Couey]: We as neuroscientists, and I say that very loosely, but the people that I respected the most had a
[Dr. Couey]: and an inordinate amount of humility for what we didn't understand.
[Dr. Couey]: And, you know, it's, to me, I just, I can't, one of the things that really, really drives me nuts is how we are fed and made to believe that Elon Musk knows anything about the brain or any of the businesses that he does.
[Dr. Couey]: It's just very hard for me
[Dr. Couey]: Very personal to me because of Neuralink and the claims that he's made.
[Dr. Couey]: He's been on stage showing recordings from pigs that neuroscientists have been making for 30 years.
[Dr. Couey]: And our media and social media has allowed the average person to think that that's some kind of advanced technology.
[Dr. Couey]: People are recording wirelessly from flies.
[Dr. Couey]: Like, give me a break, that's a gigantic skull, thick skull of a pig, this is the easiest, any neuroscientist worth their salt would know that would be the most ridiculously easy neurological recording to make in animal history, except for maybe if you could anesthetize an elephant or a rhino and then mount to their skull, because then you could mount anything you wanted.
[Dr. Couey]: I mean, you could mount a whole electron microscope to an animal that big.
[Sarah Westall]: It's just, to me So it really bothersbecause you're so experienced in neuroscience, that's your background.
[Dr. Couey]: So when you see this, you just know He has already said that the neural link
[Dr. Couey]: device that he says can be implanted with a robot is going to be an input-output device that will be able to interact with the whole brain.
[Dr. Couey]: This is, this is an absolute impossibility unless the implant is put into a fetus and grows alongside the brain.
[Dr. Couey]: It is just, and even then that's just, I'm just trying to come up with the most ridiculous possibility that might actually work.
[Dr. Couey]: I mean,
[Sarah Westall]: Well, have you listened to Gerald Donald's presentation?
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah, I followed him for a long time.
[Dr. Couey]: Actually, he's one of the guys that woke me up and made me realize how much of this is big talk and how much of this could be big talk that a lot of people believe and that a lot of bureaucrats believe and that moves a lot of money and it moves a lot of conferences and a lot of rooms full of people can be convinced by guys like him.
[Dr. Couey]: And I'm not saying that all the things that he talks about are wrong, but just like when Ray Kurzweiler says in 20 years we're gonna be able to upload our consciousness, I would say that's bullshit.
[Dr. Couey]: And no matter how much DARPA says they're gonna do it, or how much money they're gonna invest in it, it's still going to be BS in 20 years.
[Dr. Couey]: And I believe with all of my heart and soul that I'm more right about that than I am about viruses.
[Dr. Couey]: Like,
[Dr. Couey]: If I found out five years from now that there are certain special cases where RNA can pandemic, I would be very unsurprised.
[Dr. Couey]: But if five years from now, I find out that, oh, wait, we can input and output to the brain, I'll
[Dr. Couey]: I don't know what I'll do.
[Dr. Couey]: I'll eat my hat.
[Dr. Couey]: There's no way that's going to happen.
[Sarah Westall]: I would like your analysis of the DARPA N3 program.
[Dr. Couey]: Okay.
[Sarah Westall]: That's what I want.
[Dr. Couey]: I'll definitely look into it.
[Sarah Westall]: That's the most scary part, because that's the connection.
[Sarah Westall]: That's turning a human being's mind into a client-server type.
[Dr. Couey]: Okay.
[Sarah Westall]: I mean, if it has anything- From my perspective, assuming that stuff can work- Yeah.
[Sarah Westall]: from what my, I'm like, holy crap, this is like fundamental, rudimentary stuff that you could do anything after that point.
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah.
[Dr. Couey]: I mean, okay, let me just preface by saying, I don't know what the N3 program is, but I think that there are two different things here.
[Dr. Couey]: And one very important thing to understand from my perspective is that there would be very, very, very, very, very, very, almost infinitely many ways to interfere with the
[Dr. Couey]: average human attaining optimal mental function and health.
[Dr. Couey]: There would be lots of ways to make sure that kids don't grow up smart, that kids don't meet all of their genetic potential, and it would have nothing to do with a fine, high-fidelity understanding of brain function.
[Dr. Couey]: And so I think that there are lots of ways where DARPA could engineer populations to be less resistant or to be more emotional that would not in any way belie some high fidelity understanding of the brain, but just knowing how they could screw it up.
[Dr. Couey]: And so that's the same thing I would think with frequencies.
[Dr. Couey]: If you want to drive people nuts or make people more stressful with frequencies, I have no doubt that investigation into that and investment into that will produce some results.
[Dr. Couey]: But again, once you start saying like putting memories in or replacing memories or erasing memories,
[Dr. Couey]: and imply this kind of surgical precision and whatever, then I don't believe it anymore.
[Dr. Couey]: Then hypnosis would work better than any physical interaction with the brain.
[Dr. Couey]: Any group of liars where somebody shows up at your house with a traumatic story, and then two months later, somebody contacts you on the internet, and then two months later, four people invite you to a conference, and then after that, they've implanted a memory in you, that's totally possible.
[Dr. Couey]: And that's how they do it.
[Dr. Couey]: There have been people that have come to your house and lied to you.
[Dr. Couey]: There have been people on your sub stack that have lied to you.
[Dr. Couey]: There have been people on social media that have lied to you.
[Dr. Couey]: And as a result, you probably have some pretty big assumptions or pretty big, you know, ideas in your head that are
[Dr. Couey]: fully not there because they're not supposed to be, but because those people put them there.
[Dr. Couey]: And that's how I got in this book and back out of it.
[Dr. Couey]: Because people were intentionally working together to put ideas in my head and make me focus on questions that would have ultimately trapped me in this mystery solving exercise where Tony Fauci is the villain.
[Dr. Couey]: Once we take his mask off, we can put him in jail.
[Dr. Couey]: And that is the joke here.
[Dr. Couey]: That's really the joke.
[Sarah Westall]: And you said that humbled you as you learned and you realized you were being put up to do something that wasn't real.
[Dr. Couey]: Well, I mean, it humbled me to the point where even when I was trying to explain it to Bobby Kennedy, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and all of the people behind the scenes at CHD, I thought that I was about to explain to them the truth that would then change their focus and give them new courage to say new things more clearly, to fight even harder, and to allow me to say these things live under their banner.
[Dr. Couey]: And instead, they fired me.
[Sarah Westall]: But do you think that they also were being, I mean, everybody has a certain paradigm.
[Sarah Westall]: So if you're too far out of somebody's paradigm, and they're really entrenched in it.
[Dr. Couey]: But my paradigm is ending the childhood vaccine schedule because I think intramuscular injection is a
[Dr. Couey]: is an absolute, it's a mistake, it's wrong.
[Sarah Westall]: It's something that- You have some questions that you said earlier to get people to think through that.
[Sarah Westall]: Can you do that again as you explain it?
[Sarah Westall]: Because I thought that was wonderful.
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah, sure.
[Dr. Couey]: I mean, I think it's really important for doctors, especially, to be put to the question of what they think they're accomplishing with intramuscular injection.
[Dr. Couey]: Because
[Dr. Couey]: If you, if you, let's say, I don't know, if you, let me just turn this over here.
[Dr. Couey]: If you, if you think of your body very simply, okay, I've drawn this picture before, including in my red pill conference.
[Dr. Couey]: If you, if you think of your body very simply, you might think of it as a tube.
[Dr. Couey]: And that tube has one branch off of it that would be your lungs.
[Dr. Couey]: But then generally speaking, food goes in the top.
[Dr. Couey]: and it travels through and it comes out the other end and you take what you need and you get rid of the waste and that's the whole body there.
[Dr. Couey]: You can basically explain everything and then air comes in here and it goes back out the same hole.
[Dr. Couey]: That's all we do.
[Dr. Couey]: We drink some water, we eat some food, this is us.
[Dr. Couey]: And so what's very curious about this is that our immune system defines this.
[Dr. Couey]: Our immune system is actually present and oriented around all the lines in this picture.
[Dr. Couey]: You can essentially do immunology 101 with this picture because the immune system is present at our epidermis on the outside of our skin.
[Dr. Couey]: The immune system is present in the mucosal layer of our lungs and in our throat and in our gut and in the epithelium of our gut.
[Dr. Couey]: and all the way into the skin from the other side.
[Dr. Couey]: So basically all the immune system is, is a sentry, cellular sentry system for the barriers that protect the inside from the outside.
[Sarah Westall]: Is that the interstitium fluid?
[Dr. Couey]: I mean, interstitial fluid is like all this stuff in here.
[Dr. Couey]: I mean, it's in between organs and it's also lymph and this kind of thing.
[Computer Voice]: It's everywhere.
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah.
[Dr. Couey]: But the important thing to, in my humble opinion, to realize is that all of that is separated from the outside world by epithelium.
[Dr. Couey]: Epithelium is
[Dr. Couey]: the wall of our bodies that is the physical barrier through which all things need to travel.
[Dr. Couey]: So anything that's going to get into your body through your skin has to pass through the skin.
[Dr. Couey]: It has to be absorbed by the skin.
[Dr. Couey]: And if you want it to get in through your gut, it has to be absorbed through the gut wall.
[Dr. Couey]: There aren't giant holes where pieces of meat go into your bloodstream.
[Dr. Couey]: And so
[Dr. Couey]: even the fat that gets taken in through your gut has to specifically go through the lymph because fat doesn't dissolve very well in the blood.
[Dr. Couey]: So there's a great deal of selective passage of materials through your skin, through the lungs where really nothing should travel except for oxygen and carbon dioxide exchange.
[Dr. Couey]: And so there you also have this very interesting criteria of things that's going on and now,
[Dr. Couey]: Remember you have to complicate this almost infinitely by saying that your skin and your gut and the lining of your mucosal has a symbiotic relationship with a plethora of bacteria which collectively
[Dr. Couey]: is the barrier to the outside world.
[Dr. Couey]: It's not just your skin, but it's also the friendly bacteria that occupy all the gaps on your skin where otherwise very nasty bacteria might occupy.
[Dr. Couey]: And those bacteria, while friendly on the outside, if they get inside of you from a puncture wound, those bacteria can become very problematic very quickly.
[Dr. Couey]: And so leaky gut syndrome is not a small problem.
[Dr. Couey]: Because again, if you have bacterial toxins, bacterial proteins, readily being able to get inside your barrier, then you will have a necessary immune reaction that won't be very good and potentially very detrimental.
[Dr. Couey]: The point is being this.
[Dr. Couey]: We understand all this beautiful organization and we understand this intricacy and this relationship with this microbiome and why the immune system has to have this intimate relationship with the microbiome.
[Dr. Couey]: Why would we think that a combination of substances like a toxin or two and some recombinant proteins injected in the muscle would be a useful way to augment it?
[Dr. Couey]: It seems a little bit like having a beautiful symphony and then trying to change subtly how the symphony functions by bringing in a bunch of elementary school kids with symbols.
[Dr. Couey]: And so instead of respecting this, and remember, that's what they did in smallpox, when everybody says smallpox, we were saved by vaccination.
[Dr. Couey]: Vaccination of smallpox was in the skin.
[Dr. Couey]: at the barrier, which is in no way, shape or form against what I'm arguing.
[Dr. Couey]: It actually makes perfect sense.
[Dr. Couey]: In fact, I think if you are old enough, you might remember that the vaccinations you got as a kid were not in your shoulder, they were in your butt, in the fat, giant fat and big muscle of your butt.
[Dr. Couey]: And there is actually a lot of fat there and they often pinched it to make sure that it went in the fat, which is very, very, very different
[Dr. Couey]: than intramuscular injection, much, much different.
[Sarah Westall]: That's why with the stem cell treatments, they put it in your butt or with this, the new injections for losing weight or whatever, it's all in your fat, all that stuff.
[Dr. Couey]: I have a feeling that's the case.
[Dr. Couey]: I have a feeling that they understand that intramuscular injection of that stuff would cause a toxicity or a kind of damage that they couldn't tolerate.
[Dr. Couey]: And it's probably because of the combination of how many times they have to do it and how much they have to inject.
[Dr. Couey]: But with a vaccine, it is absolutely extraordinary because it's exactly the opposite.
[Dr. Couey]: What they are doing is creating a situation where the otherwise obvious toxicity that would occur if you injected it into the blood, if you injected it somewhere where the effects would be very acute, then
[Dr. Couey]: then they couldn't get away with it.
[Dr. Couey]: So they injected in the muscle where the effects of these toxins not only will be more diluted, spread out across time, but they will be much less likely to be connected to the treatment.
[Sarah Westall]: Interesting.
[Sarah Westall]: Okay.
[Sarah Westall]: And so the questions are, is you had a couple of questions, you'd have a doctor think about it.
[Dr. Couey]: Oh yeah, yeah.
[Dr. Couey]: So I think one of the questions would be, okay, so what do you know about intramuscular injection?
[Dr. Couey]: And try to explain that relative to the immune system.
[Dr. Couey]: So if you ask the doctor that and they start with the immune system explanation of antibodies, then you know already that that's not
[Dr. Couey]: That doesn't work.
[Dr. Couey]: It's it's like There's that's it's over because antibodies is the end of the immune system antibodies is for
[Dr. Couey]: for dirty things in circulation.
[Dr. Couey]: Antibodies are not a first defense if you understand the immune system as organized around a barrier.
[Dr. Couey]: And so already most doctors will fail this test in the first two sentences or the first answer that they give that immunity is antibodies or something like that.
[Dr. Couey]: Even if they say B cells, they're still wrong.
[Dr. Couey]: And so if they don't understand how the immune system is organized because immunology is not a very important class in med school, then it should be relatively easy for them to do the research to figure it out.
[Dr. Couey]: It's just that none of them will.
[Dr. Couey]: None of them trust.
[Sarah Westall]: Hold on one second.
[Dr. Couey]: I'm going to switch my camera.
[Dr. Couey]: None of them trust themselves enough to ask those kinds of questions.
[Dr. Couey]: That's one of the things that I think I've learned.
[Dr. Couey]: They just don't trust themselves.
[Dr. Couey]: They don't think that they can come to an answer that will be okay.
[Dr. Couey]: They have to be given it.
[Dr. Couey]: I wonder if this thing started working.
[Dr. Couey]: Hey, check it out.
[Dr. Couey]: Yes, I got blue.
[Dr. Couey]: Did you paint that background?
[Sarah Westall]: No, I wish I did.
[Sarah Westall]: This is just a painting I got when we first moved in.
[Dr. Couey]: The wall behind it actually looks really nicely done.
[Dr. Couey]: Some kind of fancy paint job there.
[Sarah Westall]: It's a Venetian plaster with a painting.
[Sarah Westall]: And the painting is of a fish.
[Dr. Couey]: Oh, okay.
[Sarah Westall]: You just can't see it.
[Sarah Westall]: It's a fish.
[Sarah Westall]: So those are the questions.
[Sarah Westall]: Did you miss one when I was switching?
[Dr. Couey]: Well, no, I said, so first ask yourself, you know, how does intramuscular injection of medicine really work in their mind?
[Dr. Couey]: How do they justify it?
[Dr. Couey]: What do they think they're doing?
[Dr. Couey]: And see what answers they come.
[Dr. Couey]: And then very specifically ask them, why do they think that intramuscular injection is a good way to augment the immune system, given what they know about the immune system?
[Dr. Couey]: Can they explain that?
[Dr. Couey]: And they won't be able to, or if they do,
[Dr. Couey]: They'll very quickly fall into the antibody trap, which will reveal that they don't know anything about the immune system.
[Dr. Couey]: The next question might be to ask them to explain how RNA can pandemic.
[Dr. Couey]: and and Sorry, I can't write all of a sudden so I Always say RNA cannot pandemic and I'll write that better RNA cannot pandemic And that's really important because I think that's really the key to understanding this and I'll just do it from a 30,000 foot perspective and
[Dr. Couey]: Oops, that's not the right cut.
[Dr. Couey]: This one.
[Dr. Couey]: RNA cannot pandemic is very simple to summarize.
[Dr. Couey]: In the 50s already, people were saying that we needed to find where genes were.
[Dr. Couey]: We needed to find out how inheritance works.
[Dr. Couey]: And when DNA was found by Watson and Crick, they made a big announcement and the rush all around the world was to, you know, say that now we know that evolution is true.
[Dr. Couey]: And that's because we found DNA and DNA encodes for proteins.
[Dr. Couey]: Now, interestingly, this all stems from the idea that DNA is double-stranded, it has this beautiful
[Dr. Couey]: construction that allows it to be opened and to make two copies of itself.
[Dr. Couey]: It allows proofreading because it won't go back together if the bases are wrong and so errors can be repaired.
[Dr. Couey]: And so they have in their imagination created this cartoon narrative where the chemistry of this molecule is so unique and sufficient to explain inheritance that we now understand how life occurs on earth.
[Dr. Couey]: A lightning bolt hit a mud puddle, RNA was made, and then enough time, and we had proteins, and then enough time, we had single cells, and then enough time, we had us.
[Dr. Couey]: And DNA is the reason why we believe that.
[Dr. Couey]: DNA is double-stranded helix, and all the magic abilities that double-stranded DNA has is a result of it being double-stranded.
[Dr. Couey]: But RNA in a coronavirus is single-stranded.
[Dr. Couey]: It cannot be proofread.
[Dr. Couey]: It supposedly is only in one copy, although they can almost never find it in full length.
[Dr. Couey]: And it is said to have all the attributes that DNA has without any of the chemical
[Dr. Couey]: magic of DNA because it's not double-stranded.
[Dr. Couey]: Therefore, it can't be proofread.
[Dr. Couey]: It can't even be copied in exact fidelity, in theory, like DNA can, although it can't be.
[Sarah Westall]: There's always errors when you copy DNA, but... Some people say that it was just a made-up sequence.
[Dr. Couey]: But that's the beauty of it.
[Dr. Couey]: It totally could be.
[Dr. Couey]: And there's no way to refute that claim because the foundational myth is that you can take PCR
[Dr. Couey]: on a sample taken from the real world and pull a signal out of it and say you know what it is.
[Dr. Couey]: That's very similar to saying that you can go into a library and you can say, I'm going to look for primers that say, marveling at these doctors' dramatic metamorphosis.
[Dr. Couey]: And I look in a library, and lo and behold, I find a book that has that sentence in it.
[Dr. Couey]: So Robert F. Kennedy's book's gotta be in there.
[Dr. Couey]: And now imagine if that background signal only had four letters possible, not all the words in the English language, but DNA language only has four bases.
[Dr. Couey]: And the words, as they argue, are three bases long.
[Dr. Couey]: And so there's only 20 words, right?
[Dr. Couey]: Because there's only 20 amino acids to code for.
[Dr. Couey]: And there's some codons that are repetitive.
[Dr. Couey]: And so maybe there's 60 words in total.
[Dr. Couey]: You go figure it out for yourselves, listeners.
[Dr. Couey]: But there's 60 words in total.
[Dr. Couey]: And so if you...
[Dr. Couey]: pick a short enough sentence, it's very easy to imagine how that sentence could be found in lots of DNA from lots of different living things.
[Dr. Couey]: And so what we are led to believe is that in the background, there's nothing.
[Dr. Couey]: and that if you get sick, now there's something there.
[Dr. Couey]: But in reality, as I just explained in this picture, there are actually, you know, there's actually all the bacteria, all of your DNA, all of the bacteria's DNA, all the bacteria's RNA, all the phages of all those bacteria's DNA and RNA, all of the fungi and all of the bacteria around you and in the air and in the water and the food you drink
[Dr. Couey]: And all of this DNA and RNA is noise on a background that at the start of the pandemic, they said didn't matter.
[Dr. Couey]: We can just test for coronavirus and find it and take our word for what we're looking for.
[Dr. Couey]: It would be as simple as saying there's a new fancy car spreading around the world and we're gonna give you a test for it and you can find out whether it's been in your garage.
[Dr. Couey]: And the test looks for rubber and it looks for a steering wheel.
[Dr. Couey]: Looking low and behold, it's been in your garage too.
[Dr. Couey]: It's been in your neighbor's garage too.
[Dr. Couey]: We can find it anywhere we look for if the criteria is not specific for the thing we claim it's specific for.
[Dr. Couey]: And what I'm suggesting to you is on the background of all of this biology, all of this unknown, inestimable,
[Dr. Couey]: level of genetic noise, they claim to be able to pull up a high-fidelity signal that's novel and is spreading and is worth reorganizing our thoughts for the rest of, you know, multi-generational, that our kids should live with COVID and their kids will live with COVID.
[Dr. Couey]: And this is just ridiculous.
[Dr. Couey]: It's ridiculous because they are implying a level of fidelity, an ability to detect
[Dr. Couey]: and measure that they just simply cannot do.
[Dr. Couey]: And it is all part of the same lie.
[Dr. Couey]: And that's the reason why none of these people that are performing for us on social media have ever gotten to question it at this level, at the level of the immunology or at the level of the diagnostic of COVID or the diagnostic of the PCR, because
[Dr. Couey]: It is the diagnostic of the PCR, Sarah, that has been set up as the remnant stream.
[Dr. Couey]: That's the leftover stream.
[Dr. Couey]: They're going to feed into this AI now.
[Dr. Couey]: And I've been saying that for actually four years.
[Dr. Couey]: And I tried to explain it to everybody that's ever talked to me.
[Sarah Westall]: You mean the PCR is the threshold is too high.
[Sarah Westall]: So it's nothing to do with the thresholds.
[Dr. Couey]: No, it's nothing to do with threshold.
[Dr. Couey]: It's actually
[Dr. Couey]: That's the whole illusion.
[Dr. Couey]: They can't use PCR to diagnose anything.
[Dr. Couey]: But what they can do is sell those remnants so that they can use that to try and sequence everybody on earth.
[Sarah Westall]: And they don't care at all.
[Dr. Couey]: And they've gotten so much already from all the college kids that went back.
[Dr. Couey]: When we weren't protecting them, they went back to their campus and swabbed every week.
[Dr. Couey]: And those remnants were sold.
[Dr. Couey]: There are universities that had contracts ready to go in 2020 to sell those remnants.
[Dr. Couey]: And remember, we're talking about America here.
[Dr. Couey]: We still circumcise infant baby boys and then sell that foreskin to pharmaceutical companies and they make fibroblast cultures from it.
[Dr. Couey]: It's a multi-million dollar business to sell placentas.
[Sarah Westall]: Even though it's not,
[Dr. Couey]: That's why they started it, because they will never stop.
[Dr. Couey]: There's now like a 17 target PCR test at most hospitals where they test for all the flu and all the, and all that is is just an excuse to take more material.
[Sarah Westall]: Oh gosh, okay.
[Sarah Westall]: So what do you think, as we close this out, what do you think of Donald Trump's effort to make, Robert Kennedy Jr.'
[Sarah Westall]: 's effort to make America healthy again?
[Sarah Westall]: And do you think that's gonna work?
[Sarah Westall]: I do think it's motivated people with the enthusiasm to try to do it.
[Sarah Westall]: So even if they don't, your opinion, I mean, at least people are wanting to, what do you think will actually occur?
[Dr. Couey]: I think what will actually occur are low-hanging fruit that our parents' generation should have corrected will be corrected.
[Dr. Couey]: So it's very easy to take the fluoride out of water after they poisoned a whole generation.
[Dr. Couey]: It's easy to take out some processed food dyes after they poisoned a whole generation.
[Dr. Couey]: It's easy to do that, and they will do a lot of those things, but they won't do...
[Dr. Couey]: They won't do the big things that everybody that had gotten on board already in 2016 with the first movie Vax.
[Dr. Couey]: They're still not going to accomplish anything that those people thought they would.
[Dr. Couey]: I bet you could ask a lot of the people that were featured in that movie, are they happy with the progress of the movement?
[Dr. Couey]: And they would just laugh.
[Dr. Couey]: Because most of those people have still, none of their grievances have been addressed.
[Dr. Couey]: None of their injured children have gotten justice.
[Dr. Couey]: None of them have gotten financial settlements for it.
[Dr. Couey]: And the guy that, one of the guys that's like the focus of all this, Rolf Hazlehurst, was just recently let go from CHD.
[Dr. Couey]: founder of CHD, Laura Bono, retired from the organization late last year.
[Dr. Couey]: And so the big lawyer, the guy who actually has an autistic kid in the original case that went through the CICP, that guy is not with CHD anymore.
[Dr. Couey]: And the original founder of the organization has retired with no pomp and circumstance or thanks for your work, Laura.
[Dr. Couey]: In fact,
[Dr. Couey]: I think they drove her out.
[Dr. Couey]: It's a sabotaged organization.
[Dr. Couey]: Otherwise, they would have a list of things that they wanted to accomplish.
[Dr. Couey]: And they would say, first and foremost, thanks for the millions of dollars.
[Dr. Couey]: Thanks for the high salaries.
[Dr. Couey]: Stop vaccinating your kids.
[Dr. Couey]: It's not really hard to say that.
[Dr. Couey]: And they don't say it.
[Dr. Couey]: When they hired me, they asked me to less
[Dr. Couey]: be less abrasive and to understand that CHD is trying to build a big health, a big top tent of health freedom.
[Dr. Couey]: And I from that moment on started to realize that what they were doing, and what I was going to be asked to do, which is shut up and be quiet and assume that that these people have the same goals as you and they don't.
[Dr. Couey]: And that's that's what all of these
[Dr. Couey]: Autistic moms that have joined CHD and left disgruntled.
[Dr. Couey]: All these people that have joined and left and not spoken out because they signed an NDA or whatever.
[Dr. Couey]: It's all just, the whole playing field is littered with people who've been disappointed by that organization that pays people a lot of money
[Dr. Couey]: I mean, they've had millions of dollars and they've had years and they have not made any progress on this messaging at all.
[Dr. Couey]: And in my five years of being involved, I went from, you're not going to believe this.
[Dr. Couey]: I got hired by these people and it was a few months, maybe even four months into my working with these people on a semi-daily basis that they figured out in passing that I had never even seen the movie Vaxxed.
[Dr. Couey]: And so I had just recently moved school systems or school districts.
[Dr. Couey]: I just gave my 12-year-old and my 10-year-old their shots that that stupid ass school wanted them to have.
[Dr. Couey]: And our, at the time, whatever she was, five, four, four-year-old daughter was basically up to date on her shots.
[Dr. Couey]: And I had been working for CHD for four months before anybody even asked me if I knew anything about the vaccine schedule.
[Dr. Couey]: That's how focused they are on their messaging and how much they screen people like me.
[Dr. Couey]: And so then of course, my wife and I watched the movie and we cried and we were like, oh my God, what's going on?
[Dr. Couey]: And then I thought, I immediately was like telling everybody, you gotta let me help you guys because if you guys gave me a podcast, I could teach this immunology.
[Dr. Couey]: We could destroy this.
[Dr. Couey]: We could end the vaccine schedule in a year.
[Dr. Couey]: And that's when everything just kind of started to go.
[Dr. Couey]: Like everything.
[Dr. Couey]: Oh yeah.
[Dr. Couey]: Well, no, no.
[Dr. Couey]: Maybe you should do this.
[Dr. Couey]: No, no, no.
[Dr. Couey]: We got to finish this book.
[Dr. Couey]: It's not for this book.
[Dr. Couey]: That's for the next book.
[Dr. Couey]: Oh no, no.
[Dr. Couey]: You should.
[Dr. Couey]: And it.
[Sarah Westall]: So do you think they just got co-opted, taken over?
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah, but they got co-opted very early.
[Dr. Couey]: They were co-opted before the pandemic.
[Dr. Couey]: They weren't ready.
[Dr. Couey]: They weren't ready to stand up from the very beginning.
[Dr. Couey]: So I guess that's,
[Dr. Couey]: that's that's really they identify the groups that they need to co-op before they put up this operation yeah for sure i mean maybe even they put these groups in place you know there's people um with histories of that there's several people who have a
[Dr. Couey]: very distinct history in 2020.
[Dr. Couey]: I'm trying to not mention names who actually in 2018 and 2019 were conspicuously setting up anti-vaccine neuro-nonprofits in certain states that never went anywhere.
[Dr. Couey]: And then those people became
[Dr. Couey]: outspoken, but what I see as fake dissidents at the beginning of the pandemic.
[Dr. Couey]: There's one really prominent one who is colloquially known as Nurse Erin.
[Dr. Couey]: And Nurse Erin is somebody who was in New York very early talking about what was going on or not going on in the hospitals and claimed that
[Dr. Couey]: COVID positive people were reputting with non-COVID positive people and they were all getting sick.
[Dr. Couey]: And this woman is in music videos with Robert Malone.
[Dr. Couey]: She is somebody who worked at Fort Bragg, which is the PSYOP place.
[Dr. Couey]: And before the pandemic in 2018 and 19, she started a couple different nonprofits in Florida that were supposedly for anti-vax that never went anywhere.
[Dr. Couey]: Before she went to New York,
[Dr. Couey]: and became an outspoken visiting nurse speaking from some hotel room about the calamity that was happening in New York, which I think was just murder by oxygen.
[Dr. Couey]: I think most of the murder that was accomplished in the first year or year and a half of the pandemic
[Dr. Couey]: was basically poorly trained ICU doctors and residents who just simply were told that without a ventilator, maybe you should give them oxygen.
[Dr. Couey]: And I think a lot of these people are just so professionally incompetent that they didn't realize that since the early 80s, we've already known that supplementary oxygen, especially pure oxygen can cause ARDS.
[Sarah Westall]: Okay, so they were doing that.
[Sarah Westall]: They stopped all the flu protocols.
[Sarah Westall]: They were starving people of nutrients.
[Sarah Westall]: They were killing people.
[Dr. Couey]: It was unbelievable.
[Dr. Couey]: I mean, it's unbelievable.
[Sarah Westall]: That was really true.
[Dr. Couey]: My father-in-law died of a urinary tract infection.
[Sarah Westall]: They were killing zones.
[Sarah Westall]: I remember putting out a thing on that.
[Sarah Westall]: But there still was something that was going on that I would like to know what was really there that was going on.
[Sarah Westall]: Because there were certain pockets where they did, and we talked about it earlier in the show, it'd be interesting to know what that truly was.
[Dr. Couey]: Well, let me just say, as broad a terms as possible, what I tried to explain in the early part of the interview was the idea that
[Dr. Couey]: It was very common knowledge in my humble opinion that protein biologics were produced by a very standard manufacturing protocol.
[Dr. Couey]: DNA plasmid, make a lot of the DNA plasmid in a bacterial culture and then either use a separate cell culture or a commercial enzyme or a commercial bacterial culture to produce from that DNA the protein that you want to make.
[Dr. Couey]: And then you need to purify all of those things out from the protein before you can use it as a biologic.
[Dr. Couey]: So that much being true, what that also means is that without any magic, without any special military labs, a perfect PCR signal can be made.
[Dr. Couey]: And a PCR signal is just a DNA.
[Dr. Couey]: DNA is very stable.
[Dr. Couey]: DNA is very chemically stable.
[Dr. Couey]: You can be... An Eppendorf tube of DNA would be enough to put it anywhere and find it for any length of time.
[Dr. Couey]: If I wanted to find a DNA sequence of Muhammad Ali, and I had the Muhammad Ali sequence that I was going to say I found in your house, I could put it anywhere I wanted to.
[Dr. Couey]: This would cost pennies.
[Dr. Couey]: And the PCR would be extremely accurate, extremely specific for the sequence that I put in your house.
[Dr. Couey]: And it would require no new methodology, no special super DARPA technology, and any pharmaceutical company could do it.
[Sarah Westall]: So if- Yeah, but that's not what I'm questioning though.
[Dr. Couey]: Well, I'm just gonna say it then.
[Sarah Westall]: So then my point is- It was the fact that there really were some people sick in certain areas.
[Dr. Couey]: Yes, but where I was going with this is if they can make this much DNA,
[Dr. Couey]: Your immune system responds to foreign DNA then if they put it in an aerosol People would have a respiratory reaction to it if they put it in the water People would have a gut reaction to it and that DNA could be special or it could be nothing and your body might react to it it could just be a high quantity and very pure but
[Dr. Couey]: It could have also been a protein or a sequence that they wanted to tell you they found.
[Dr. Couey]: So it could have been the spike protein sequence.
[Dr. Couey]: It could have been the end protein sequence.
[Dr. Couey]: It could have been both.
[Dr. Couey]: It could have been a construct that they knew that they could identify as a PCR positive, and more importantly,
[Dr. Couey]: that your immune system would react to it, even if it was mild reaction.
[Dr. Couey]: And that is not a spreading pathogen.
[Dr. Couey]: It's not RNA going from a mud puddle to all the white-tailed deer in North America.
[Dr. Couey]: It is just standard pharmaceutical manufacturing techniques and the deployment of the things that they can make.
[Sarah Westall]: And that's why, but that's why it happened in certain pockets only.
[Sarah Westall]: And they had to supplement with all the other procedures they did in the hospital.
[Dr. Couey]: I would say that that is a very plausible explanation.
[Dr. Couey]: I'm not saying that that's what happened, but if you need an explanation, that is a much, much better, more rooted in reality than a gain of function virus that went everywhere.
[Sarah Westall]: Yeah, because there was pockets of things.
[Sarah Westall]: And then BS is what it looked like.
[Sarah Westall]: When people say there was nothing, that's not true, because there were pockets of something.
[Dr. Couey]: But I still caution you, I still caution you, I still caution you that the not to underestimate how these pockets could be created by an illusion of consensus of performers.
[Dr. Couey]: enough nurses.
[Sarah Westall]: And that's like Zelenko and some of these other doctors who really had some, they were seeming like there were just certain areas where there was heavy stuff going on.
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah okay but then again we're
[Dr. Couey]: I'm still trying to emphasize for your listeners how few of actual numbers those needed to be in order for us to see that as a signal.
[Dr. Couey]: A couple hundred people poisoned and Zelenko interacting with them would be enough.
[Sarah Westall]: He had like 5,000 or something, but it could have been like a city area.
[Dr. Couey]: I still am of the opinion that Zelenko is a good guy because of the fact that
[Dr. Couey]: There was a video relatively early in the rollout of the vaccines where he, in Hebrew, described the transfection, and he didn't use the word, which is unfortunate, because I did try to get him to use the word.
[Dr. Couey]: But, because I had contact with him off and on, and I tried to get him to say it.
[Dr. Couey]: But what he did say was that using this technology on children would be, the Hebrew word he used was something like,
[Dr. Couey]: Abomination squared.
[Dr. Couey]: I don't know what the word is, but I was explained that this word is worse than abomination.
[Dr. Couey]: It's like, you know, an abomination child sandwich or something like that was terrible word.
[Dr. Couey]: You wouldn't, there's nothing.
[Dr. Couey]: It's like a hyperbole that's not used.
[Dr. Couey]: And he said, if we do this to kids, this will be like the most awful thing that we could do as people.
[Dr. Couey]: And that was it for me.
[Dr. Couey]: Then I knew for sure that this guy was a good guy because he was actually taken out.
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah.
[Sarah Westall]: I have evidence on that too.
[Sarah Westall]: Oh, okay.
[Dr. Couey]: Well, that makes me scared and also heartened in a way.
[Dr. Couey]: But then what do we think about the people that are perpetuating his sort of legacy?
[Dr. Couey]: Are they good guys then or what?
[Dr. Couey]: I mean, do they know he was killed?
[Sarah Westall]: Yeah, I think so.
[Sarah Westall]: I think it's a combination of things.
[Dr. Couey]: Well, let me just say this.
[Sarah Westall]: It's shades of gray.
[Sarah Westall]: It's not, these aren't, nobody, it's very hard to find people who are just really trying to do what's right versus having shades of gray and not totally understanding things, having to deal with families, having to make money or, you know, I mean, it's just, it's humanity.
[Dr. Couey]: Yeah, yeah.
[Dr. Couey]: No, it's, it's very, we're in a very, very, very diabolical trap.
[Dr. Couey]: And the problem is, is that our parents were in it and they didn't know it.
[Dr. Couey]: and we inherited it from them.
[Dr. Couey]: And so it is really hard to see the trap because in a way you have to be able to pull back on a long enough time horizon to see it.
[Dr. Couey]: So it's also really hard for young people to see it because they're still trapped in the social media time horizon of like three weeks and that's history.
[Dr. Couey]: And it's very, very diabolical.
[Sarah Westall]: That's why it's important to step back and do these analysis.
[Sarah Westall]: Well, where can people find you?
[Sarah Westall]: Because you're fascinating and I hope we stay in contact and we keep, I mean, you look at the project, you know, DARPA's N3 project, we start to, I like conversing with, especially neuroscientists and people who think differently.
[Dr. Couey]: Well, I'll read up on the N3 project and I'll get back to you immediately.
[Sarah Westall]: I want to know what your thoughts are on that.
[Sarah Westall]: But where can people follow you?
[Dr. Couey]: I have a website which is hard to spell, but in the end you'll find it.
[Dr. Couey]: It's gigaohmbiological.com.
[Dr. Couey]: Gigaohm is actually a word that comes from the kind of recording that I used to make as a neuroscientist.
[Dr. Couey]: So, it's gigaohm and then one word biological.
[Dr. Couey]: And the reason why I chose that is because Gigaohm is this thing that they gave the Nobel Prize away for in 1991 actually, where
[Dr. Couey]: You take a glass pipette and you touch it onto the cell membrane.
[Dr. Couey]: And because you use a special kind of static, let's say charged glass, it's borosilicate glass, they accidentally stumbled on a weird sort of chemical attribute of cellular membranes is that when it touches that glass,
[Dr. Couey]: And you do it just right with the right salt solutions, the water actually gets extruded, sucked out from between the glass and the cell membrane.
[Dr. Couey]: And so these guys in Germany figured out that if you then very quickly with pressure sucked on that pipette, you could break a hole in the cell and create a continuous electrical recording that went into the cell and back into the pipette.
[Dr. Couey]: And you could measure very, very tiny electrical signals in the cell membranes of any cell type.
[Dr. Couey]: And they got the Nobel Prize for actually measuring single channel
[Dr. Couey]: protein channels that were opening and closing and they could show the individual events that were the sodium coming in and then closing again and sodium coming in and closing again.
[Dr. Couey]: And that became the sort of foundation for the understanding of membrane dynamics.
[Dr. Couey]: And that recording is based on a giga ohm seal.
[Dr. Couey]: It's so high resistance
[Dr. Couey]: that the signals that you end up seeing are the very tiny individual events on the cell membrane that we now think are the foundation of brain function and tissue signaling and all this other stuff.
[Dr. Couey]: So it's funny because I had that
[Dr. Couey]: this symbol made years ago.
[Dr. Couey]: I have one on my shirt.
[Dr. Couey]: I had this symbol made years ago because I had, when my old boss won the Nobel Prize, I thought it would be pretty comical to start trying to make a patch clampers clothing brand.
[Dr. Couey]: Kind of like, you know,
[Dr. Couey]: Versace or something like that and this was the symbol I came up with and so I had been wearing this in the lab and giving it to friends for their birthdays and stuff as kind of just a joke like here now you have some of my brand name, you know giga ohm clothing and so then when the when this all started years later It just kind of fell into place that like wait a minute.
[Dr. Couey]: I already have all these hats.
[Dr. Couey]: This is hilarious I'm just gonna
[Dr. Couey]: call my program this and then that spiraled out of control and so the nice thing about this is is that a giga ohm seal allows you to have a very high resistance but low noise recording and so I started calling my news brief the high resistance low noise news brief and
[Dr. Couey]: And so it all just kind of fit together and five years later, my former boss is nominated for HHS secretary and a good friend of mine is nominated for NIH.
[Dr. Couey]: And I have some former employee of the Human Genome Project telling incorrect stories about how this book was written.
[Dr. Couey]: So it's at least an interesting time in my family's life.
[Sarah Westall]: you're having an interesting life.
[Sarah Westall]: Whereas if you would have just done what you're doing before, it wouldn't be nearly as interesting.
[Dr. Couey]: That's true.
[Dr. Couey]: I would still just be riding a microscope and probably only training one postdoc at a time.
[Dr. Couey]: So definitely this is a lot more fun.
[Sarah Westall]: This is way more.
[Sarah Westall]: Okay.
[Sarah Westall]: Well, thank you so much for joining the program.
[Sarah Westall]: I really appreciate it.
[Sarah Westall]: Cool.
[Dr. Couey]: Thank you very much for having me.
[Dr. Couey]: I hope we talk again soon.
[Computer Voice]: Recording stopped.
[Sarah Westall]: Jay, this was way too damn long for me to put on my channel.
[Sarah Westall]: I'm going to put the whole thing out, but half of it or part of it will go on my sub stack and the rest of it will go on Rumble.
[Sarah Westall]: So kind of the deep science-y stuff I'll probably put on sub stack and then the rest I'll put on Rumble.
[Sarah Westall]: a two-parter sure and and then then I'll do that to whatever shows get really long like this and then I do that to sell my sub stack to people to sign up for my sub stack so If you want you can have a full recording to put on your show or in your channel I can just give you the Dropbox link to it or you can I actually I actually don't mind you know because I can stay